

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-18-012712
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20180331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180629
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180629
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seneca Foods Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FRUITS
 VEG & PRESERVES
 JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		IRS NUMBER:				160733425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-01989
		FILM NUMBER:		18929735
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315 926 8100
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP /NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIERCE S S COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861210
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425









	
	







 D.C. 20549







		


 2018


			





(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


		

			
			
			
			
3736 South Main Street
 Marion
 New York
			
			

 including area code


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







		

			


			
			


		


 $.25 Par


			


		


 $.25 Par


			









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.








 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.




 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &quot;large accelerated filer
&quot; &quot;accelerated filer&quot; and &quot;smaller reporting company&quot; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):


		

			





 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&#9744;






 2017 was approximately $241
650
000.


 2018
 there were 7
860
033 shares of Class A common stock and 1
884
439 shares of Class B common stock outstanding.




		
			

			



 2018 (the &ldquo;2018 Annual Report&rdquo;) applicable to Part I
 Item 1
 Part II
 Items 5-9A and Part IV
 Item 15 of Form 10-K.





		
			

			



 Items 10-14 of Form 10-K.












			




			




			



			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

		
			
			
			



			

			

			



			
			
			



			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			



			
			
			



			

			
			



			


Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock
 Related Security Holder Matters&nbsp;and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


			


			



			
			
			



			

			
			



			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			




			


			


			




			


			


			




			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


			




			


			


			



			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			



			


			


			



			
			
			



			


			


			



			
			
			



			

			

			













 in some cases
 can be identified by the use of the words &quot;will
&quot; &quot;anticipate
&quot; &quot;estimate
&quot; &quot;expect
&quot; &quot;project
&quot; &quot;intend
&quot; &quot;plan
&quot; &quot;believe
&quot; &quot;seeks
&quot; &quot;should
&quot; &quot;likely
&quot; &quot;targets
&quot; &quot;may&quot;
 &quot;can&quot; and other expressions that indicate future trends and events. A forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made and reflects management&#39;s analysis only as of the date thereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. The following factors
 among others discussed herein and in the Company&#39;s filings under the Exchange Act
 could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: costs and availability of raw materials
 competition
 cost controls
 sales levels
 governmental regulation
 consumer preferences
 industry trends
 weather conditions
 crop yields
 natural disasters
 recalls
 litigation
 reliance on third-parties
 wage rates
 and other factors. See also the factors described in &quot;Part I
 Item 1A. Risk Factors&quot; and elsewhere in this report
 and those described in the Company&#39;s filings under the Exchange Act.




 2018
 this Form 10-K was delayed because of the additional time that the Company required to finalize its financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2018.&nbsp; The Company&#39;s delay in filing the Form 10-K is due principally to the additional time the Company required&nbsp;to complete its analysis of complex and technical accounting issues relating to &quot;bill and hold&quot; revenue recognition relating to a contract packing agreement with a customer. On June 28
 2018 the Audit Committee of the Company determined that the Company&#39;s accounting practices for bill and hold revenue recognition were incorrect.&nbsp; The Company has made all necessary adjustments to correct this information&nbsp;for all periods presented in this Form 10-K.&nbsp; See Note 2 of the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.









 frozen and bottled produce and snack chips and its products are sold under private label as well as national and regional brands that the Company owns or licenses
 including Seneca&reg;
 Libby&rsquo;s&reg;
 Aunt Nellie&rsquo;s&reg;
 READ&reg;
 Green Valley&reg;
 CherryMan&reg; and Seneca Farms&reg;. The Company packs Green Giant
 Le Sueur and other brands of canned vegetables as well as select Green Giant frozen vegetables for B&amp;G Foods North America (&ldquo;B&amp;G&rdquo;) under a contract packing agreement.


 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s facilities consisted of 24 packaging plants strategically located throughout the United States
 three can manufacturing plants
 three seed processing and packaging operations
 a farming operation and a logistical support network. The Company also maintains warehouses which are generally located adjacent to its packaging plants. The Company is a New York corporation and its headquarters is located at 3736 South Main Street
 Marion
 New York and its telephone number is (315) 926-8100.


 the Company has made over 50 strategic acquisitions including the purchase of the long-term license for the Libby&rsquo;s brand in 1983
 the purchase of Pillsbury&rsquo;s Green Giant packaging assets and entry into an Alliance Agreement with respect to the Green Giant canned and frozen vegetable business in 1995 and the acquisition of Chiquita Processed Foods in 2003. The Company believes that these acquisitions have enhanced the Company&rsquo;s leadership position in the private label and foodservice canned vegetable markets in the United States and significantly increased its international sales. In 2013
 the Company completed its acquisition of 100% of the membership interest in Independent Foods
 LLC. In April 2014
 the Company purchased a 50% equity interest in Truitt Bros. Inc. In 2016
 the Company acquired Gray &amp; Company and Diana Foods Co.
 Inc.
 each leading providers of maraschino cherries and other cherry products. In 2018
 the Company acquired the remaining 50% ownership interest in Truitt Bros.
 Inc. making it a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.



. The Company&rsquo;s annual report on Form 10-K
 the Company&rsquo;s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on the Company&rsquo;s web site
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. All such filings on the Company&rsquo;s web site are available free of charge. Information on our website is not part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K.


 the Company&#39;s website includes items related to corporate governance matters
 including charters of various committees of the Board of Directors and the Company&#39;s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company intends to disclose on its website any amendment to or waiver of any provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ.




 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products (added as a result of the Truitt acquisition)
 third
 the packaging and sale of snack products
 of which the majority are chip products. These three segments constitute the food operation. The food operation constitutes 99% of total sales
 of which approximately 61% is canned vegetable packaging
 20% is canned fruit packaging
 11% is frozen fruit and vegetable packaging
 7% is prepared foods and 1% is fruit chip packaging. The non-food operation
 which is primarily related to the sale of cans and ends and outside revenue generated from our trucking and aircraft operations
 represents 1% of the Company&rsquo;s total sales.














 frozen vegetables and other food products. The products are sold nationwide by major grocery outlets
 including supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 limited assortment stores
 club stores and dollar stores. Additionally
 products are sold to food service distributors
 industrial markets
 other food packagers
 export customers in 90 countries and federal
 state and local governments for school and other feeding programs. Food packaging operations are primarily supported by plant locations in New York
 California
 Kentucky
 Michigan
 Oregon
 Pennsylvania
 Wisconsin
 Washington
 Idaho
 Illinois
 and Minnesota. See Note 13 of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 for additional information about the Company&rsquo;s segments.


 2018
 2017
 and 2016:




			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			


			
			


		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

314

			
			
			

262

			
			
			

279

			






			

			











 Libby&#39;s
 is held pursuant to a trademark license granted to the Company in March 1982 and renewable by the Company every 10 years for an aggregate period expiring in March 2081. The original licensor was Libby
 McNeill &amp; Libby
 Inc.
 then an indirect subsidiary of Nestl&eacute;
 S. A. (&quot;Nestl&eacute;&quot;) and the license was granted in connection with the Company&#39;s purchase of certain of the licensor&#39;s canned vegetable operations in the United States. Corlib Brands Management
 LTD acquired the license from Nestl&eacute; during 2006. The license is limited to vegetables which are shelf-stable
 frozen
 and thermally packaged
 and includes the Company&#39;s major vegetable varieties &ndash; corn
 peas and green beans &ndash; as well as certain other thermally packaged vegetable varieties and sauerkraut.


 Ltd.
 who may terminate the license for non-payment of royalty
 use of the trademark in sales outside the licensed territory
 failure to achieve a minimum level of sales under the licensed trademark during any calendar year or a material breach or default by the Company under the agreement (which is not cured within the specified cure period). With the purchase of Signature Fruit Company
 LLC
 brand name
 the Company re-negotiated the license agreement and created a new
 revenue dollars for fruits
 vegetables
 and dry beans. A total of $310
000 was paid as a royalty fee for the year ended March 31
 2018.


 frozen vegetables and other food products under several other brands for which the Company has obtained registered trademarks
 including
 Aunt Nellie&rsquo;s
 Cherryman
 Green Valley
 READ
 Seneca Farms
 and Seneca




 the different cycles are somewhat offsetting. Minimal food packaging occurs in the Company&#39;s last fiscal quarter ending March 31
 which is the optimal time for maintenance
 repairs and equipment changes in its packaging plants. The supply of commodities
 current pricing
 and expected new crop quantity and quality affect the timing and amount of the Company&rsquo;s sales and earnings. When the seasonal harvesting periods of the Company&#39;s major fruits and vegetables are newly completed
 inventories for these packaged fruits and vegetables are at their highest levels. For peas
 the peak inventory time is mid-summer and for corn
 the Company&#39;s highest volume vegetable
 the peak inventory is in mid-autumn. For peaches
 the Company&#39;s highest volume fruit
 the peak inventory time is early-autumn. For pears and cherries
 the peak inventory is late-summer.








 which presents certain unaudited quarterly financial information for the periods indicated:


			
			

			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			



			

			

			

			




 2018:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			







 an end of year sales order backlog is not considered meaningful. Traditionally
 larger customers provide tentative bookings for their expected purchases for the upcoming season. These bookings are further developed as data on the expected size of the related national harvests becomes available. In general
 these bookings serve as a yardstick rather than as a firm commitment
 since actual harvest results can vary notably from early estimates. In actual practice
 the Company has substantially all of its expected seasonal production identified to potential sales outlets before the seasonal production is completed.




 quality
 service
 and pricing being the major determinants in the Company&rsquo;s relative market position. The Company believes that it is a major producer of canned fruits and vegetables
 but some producers of canned
 frozen and other forms of fruit and vegetable products have sales which exceed the Company&#39;s sales. The Company is aware of approximately 14 competitors in the U.S. packaged vegetable industry
 many of which are privately held companies. The Company is aware of approximately nine competitors in the U.S. packaged fruit industry. In addition
 there are significant quantities of fruit that are imported from Europe
 Asia and South America.


 approximately 10% of the Company&rsquo;s packaged foods sales were packed for retail customers under the Company&rsquo;s branded labels of Seneca
 
 Green Valley
 Aunt Nellie&rsquo;s
 READ
. About 24% of packaged foods sales were packed for institutional food distributors and 57% were retail packed under the private label of our customers. The remaining 9% was sold under an agreement with B&amp;G Foods (the &ldquo;Green Giant Agreement&rdquo;) (see note 12 of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). Termination of the Green Giant Agreement would substantially reduce the Company&rsquo;s sales and profitability unless the Company was to enter into a new substantial supply relationship with B&amp;G Foods or another major vegetable marketer. The non-Green Giant customers represent a full cross section of the retail
 institutional
 distributor
 and industrial markets; and the Company does not consider itself dependent on any single sales source other than sales attributable to the Green Giant Agreement.


 which rate among the top three national brands according to a leading market research firm.








 the Company has cooperated with federal
 state
 and local environmental protection authorities in developing and maintaining suitable antipollution facilities. In general
 we believe our pollution control facilities are equal to or somewhat superior to those of our competitors and are within environmental protection standards. The Company does not expect any material capital expenditures to comply with environmental regulations in the near future.


 national and international regulations aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. In the United States
 there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level to address the effects of climate change. Such regulation could result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes
 the restriction of output
 investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations
 or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.




 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 worker&rsquo;s compensation and other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but not limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does not believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.










 the Company had approximately 4
300 employees of which 3
700 full time and 500 seasonal employees work in food packaging and 100 full time employees work in other activities. The number of employees increases by approximately 7
000 due to an increase in seasonal employees during our peak pack season.


050 of its full-time employees.&nbsp; The terms of these agreements result in wages and benefits which are substantially the same for comparable positions for the Company&rsquo;s non-union employees.&nbsp; There are two agreements that will expire in 2018
 two agreements that will expire in calendar 2019 and three agreements that will expire in calendar 2020.





		

			








			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			


 except percentages)

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

223

			
			
			

166

			
			
			

171

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

314

			
			
			

262

			
			
			

279

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			




			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			
			
			

			










 could adversely affect the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations or financial results. The Company refers to itself as &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo; or &ldquo;us&rdquo; in this section.






 with that; less shelf space is being devoted to these categories in the supermarkets. Fresh and perishable businesses are improving their delivery systems around the world and the availability of fresh produce is impacting the consumers purchasing patterns relating to processed fruits and vegetables. Our financial performance and growth are related to conditions in the United States&rsquo; fruit and vegetable packaging industry
 which is a mature industry with a modest growth rate during the last 10 years. Our net sales are a function of product availability and market pricing. In the fruit and vegetable packaging industry
 product availability and market prices tend to have an inverse relationship: market prices tend to decrease as more product is available and to increase if less product is available. Product availability is a direct result of plantings
 growing conditions
 crop yields and inventory levels
 all of which vary from year to year. Moreover
 fruit and vegetable production outside the United States
 particularly in Europe
 Asia and South America
 is increasing at a time when worldwide demand for certain products
 such as peaches
 is declining. These factors may have a significant effect on supply and competition and create downward pressure on prices. In addition
 market prices can be affected by the planting and inventory levels and individual pricing decisions of our competitors. Generally
 market prices in the fruit and vegetable packaging industry adjust more quickly to variations in product availability than an individual packager can adjust its cost structure; thus
 in an oversupply situation
 a packager&rsquo;s margins likely will weaken. We typically have experienced lower margins during times of industry oversupply.


 California plant prior to the 2018 production season. Reasons for exiting the business include large operating losses
 rising costs for farmers and the Company and export competition from China and Europe.


 the fruit and vegetable packaging industry has been characterized by excess capacity
 with resulting pressure on our prices and profit margins. We have closed packaging plants in past years in response to the downward pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that our margins will improve in response to favorable market conditions or that we will be able to operate profitably during depressed market conditions.










 we must harvest and package them quickly or forego the opportunity to package fresh picked fruits and vegetables for an entire year. Most of our fruits and vegetables are grown by farmers under contract with us. Consequently
 we must pay the contract grower for the fruits and vegetables even if we cannot or do not harvest or package them. Most of our production occurs during the second quarter (July through September) of our fiscal year
 which corresponds with the quarter that the growing season ends for most of the produce packaged by us. A majority of our sales occur during the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year due to seasonal consumption patterns for our products. Accordingly
 inventory levels are highest during the second and third quarters
 and accounts receivable levels are highest during the third and fourth quarters. Net sales generated during our third and fourth fiscal quarters have a significant impact on our results of operations. Because of these seasonal fluctuations
 the results of any particular quarter
 particularly in the first half of our fiscal year
 will not necessarily be indicative of results for the full year or for future years.


 this somewhat reduces the risk that our entire crop will be subject to disastrous weather. The upper Midwest is the primary growing region for the principal vegetables which we pack
 namely peas
 green beans and corn
 and it is also a substantial source of our competitors&rsquo; vegetable production. The adverse effects of weather-related reduced production may be partially mitigated by higher selling prices for the fruits and vegetables which are produced.




 such as fruits and vegetables
 steel (used to make cans)
 ingredients
 pouches and other packaging materials as well as the electricity and natural gas used in our business
 are commodities that may experience price volatility caused by external factors
 including market fluctuations
 availability
 currency fluctuations and changes in governmental regulations and agricultural programs. General inventory positions of major commodities
 such as field corn
 soybeans and wheat
 all commodities with which we must compete for acreage
 can have dramatic effects on prices for those commodities
 which can translate into similar swings in prices needed to be paid for our contracted commodities. These programs and other events can result in reduced supplies of these commodities
 higher supply costs or interruptions in our production schedules. If prices of these commodities increase beyond what we can pass along to our customers
 our operating income will decrease.




 the U.S. Government imposed 25% duties on the importation of steel from&nbsp;most of the steel producing&nbsp;countries around the world.&nbsp; Seneca Foods makes its own cans using tin-plated and tin-free steel purchased from both domestic and off-shore suppliers.&nbsp; The duties will potentially have an impact on the cost of steel that the company has already committed for but yet not received from off-shore suppliers.&nbsp; In addition
 based on information provided by domestic suppliers
 the cost of steel in the future will substantially increase.&nbsp; This will create higher costs of the primary packaging used by the Company for its products.&nbsp; The ability to pass on these costs to our customers is an unknown risk.&nbsp; In addition
 other countries have or are threatening to impose retaliatory duties on items produced in the U.S. including the Company&rsquo;s products.&nbsp; This will limit the export potential for the Company&rsquo;s products going forward.&nbsp; In 2018
 6.9&nbsp;percent of the company&rsquo;s products were exported.






 which includes increased concentration and a growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters. Dependence upon key customers could lead to increased pricing pressure by these customers.


 respectively
 of our total sales. Our sales of Green Giant product and financial performance under the Green Giant Agreement depend to a significant extent on our success in producing quality Green Giant vegetables at competitive costs and B&amp;G Foods success in marketing the products produced by us. The ability of B&amp;G Foods to successfully market these products will depend upon B&amp;G Foods&rsquo;s sales efforts as well as the factors described above under &ldquo;Excess capacity in the fruit and vegetable industry has a downward impact on selling price.&rdquo; We cannot give assurance as to the volume of B&amp;G Foods&rsquo;s sales and cannot control many of the key factors affecting that volume.


 purchases by the United Sates Department of Agriculture (&ldquo;USDA&rdquo;) in fiscal year 2018 represented approximately 3.7% of our total sales. The purchase of our products by the USDA is done through the government&rsquo;s competitive bid process. We bid on stated product requirements and needs as presented by the USDA and
 if we are the successful bidder
 we fulfill the contract and deliver the product. The government contracting process is complex and subject to numerous regulations and requirements. Failure by us to comply with the regulations and requirements for government contracts could jeopardize our ability to contract with the government and could result in reduced sales or prohibition on submitting bids to the USDA. The government procurement process could also change and result in our inability to meet the new requirements. Additionally
 the government&rsquo;s need for our products could decrease
 which would result in reduced sales to the USDA.


 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

If we do not maintain the market shares of our products
 our business and revenues may be adversely affected. 


 but also compete with products we produce and sell to other companies who market those products under their own brand names
 such as the Green Giant vegetables we sell to B&amp;G Foods and the fruits and vegetables we sell to various retail grocery chains which carry our customer&rsquo;s own brand names.


 many major retail food chains have been increasing their promotions
 offerings and shelf space allocations for their own fruit and vegetable brands
 to the detriment of fruit and vegetable brands owned by the packagers
 including our own brands. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our customers/competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. There are competitive pressures and other factors
 which could cause our products to lose market share or result in significant price erosion that could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.










 intermodal
 rail cars
 and ships. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of these services for any reason
 including availability or cost of fuel
 regulations affecting the industry
 or labor shortages in the transportation industry
 could have an adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers
 and could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

If we are subject to product liability claims
 we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 


 the industry and suppliers to stay abreast of developments. A product liability judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 affect consumer confidence in our products
 and divert management&rsquo;s attention from other responsibilities. Product liability claims may also lead to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. Although we maintain comprehensive general liability insurance coverage
 there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 we regularly dispose of produce wastes (silage) and processing water as well as materials used in plant operation and maintenance
 and our plant boilers
 which generate heat used in packaging
 produce generally small emissions into the air. These activities and operations are regulated by federal and state laws and the respective federal and state environmental agencies. Occasionally
 we may be required to remediate conditions found by the regulators to be in violation of environmental law or to contribute to the cost of remediating waste disposal sites
 which we neither owned nor operated
 but in which
 we and other companies deposited waste materials
 usually through independent waste disposal companies. Future possible costs of environmental remediation
 contributions and penalties could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our production capacity for certain products and commodities is concentrated in a limited number of facilities
 exposing us to a material disruption in production in the event that a disaster strikes.


 the largest of which we will cease operations prior to the 2018 production season
 and one plant that produces pumpkin products. We have three plants that manufacture empty cans
 one with substantially more capacity than the other two
 which are not interchangeable since each plant cannot necessarily produce all the can sizes needed. Although we maintain property and business interruption insurance coverage
 there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate in the event of a catastrophe or significant disruption at these or other Company facilities. If such an event occurs
 it could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 we may undertake acquisitions of other businesses or introduce new products
 although there can be no assurances that these will occur. Such undertakings involve numerous risks and significant investments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire acquisition candidates on favorable terms
 to profitably manage or to successfully integrate future businesses it may acquire or new products it may introduce without substantial costs
 delays or problems. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 we had approximately 4
300 employees of which 3
700 full time and 500 seasonal employees worked in food packaging and 100 employees worked in other activities. During the peak summer harvest period
 we hire up to approximately 7
000 seasonal employees to help package fruits and vegetables. If there is an increase to minimum wage rates
 this could have a negative impact on costs&nbsp;of operations. Many of our packaging operations are located in rural communities that may not have sufficient labor pools
 requiring us to hire employees from other regions. An inability to hire and train sufficient employees during the critical harvest period could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 in collaboration with other can makers as well as enamel suppliers
 has decided to aggressively work to find alternative materials for can linings not manufactured using BPA. However
 commercially acceptable alternatives are not immediately available for some applications and there can be no assurance that these steps will be successful. About 4% of our canned product volume (excluding B&amp;G Foods and purchased canned products) still includes BPA.










 mandatory recall authority of the FDA
 increased scrutiny of foreign sourced or supplied food products
 and increased records access may have an impact on our business. As we are already in a highly regulated business
 operating under the increased scrutiny of more FDA authority does not appear likely to negatively impact our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;The law also gives FDA important new tools to hold imported foods to the same standards as domestic foods.




 along with its other marketplace initiatives
 are designed to capitalize on new customer or consumer trends.&nbsp; The FDA recently issued a statement on sodium which referred to an Institute of Medicine statement that too much sodium is a major contributor to high blood pressure. Some of our products contain a moderate amount of sodium per recommended serving
 which is based on consumer&rsquo;s preferences for taste. &nbsp;In order to remain successful
 the Company must anticipate and react to these new trends and develop new products or packages to address them. While the Company devotes significant resources to meeting this goal
 we may not be successful in developing new products or packages
 or our new products or packages may not be accepted by customers or consumers.




 2012
 the SEC adopted a new rule requiring disclosures of specified minerals
 known as conflict minerals
 that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured by companies filing public reports. The rule
 which requires a disclosure report to be filed by May 31 each year
 requires companies to perform country of origin inquiries
 due diligence as required
 disclosure
 and reporting whether such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country.&nbsp; The conflict mineral rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals
 including
 tin
 which is used primarily in the manufacture of our cans. The number of suppliers
 who provide conflict-free minerals in steel production
 or other components
 may be limited. In addition
 there may be significant costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements
 such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our cans
 as well as costs of possible changes to products
 packages
 or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Since our supply chain is complex
 we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the procedures that we implement
 which may hurt our business. In addition
 we may encounter significant challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free
 which could place us
 as well as our competitors
 at a disadvantage if we are unable to do so.




Global economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 including the impact of recessions in the United States and throughout the world
 may negatively affect our business and financial results. These economic conditions could negatively impact (i) consumer demand for our products
 (ii) the mix of our products&rsquo; sales
 (iii) our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis
 (iv) the ability of suppliers to provide the materials required in our operations and (v) our ability to obtain financing or to otherwise access the capital markets. The strength of the U.S. dollar versus other world currencies could result in increased competition from imported products and decreased sales to our international customers. A prolonged recession could result in decreased revenue
 margins and earnings. Additionally
 the economic situation could have an impact on our lenders or customers
 causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. The occurrence of any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 2018
 we had approximately $459.8 million of total indebtedness
 including various debt agreements and a $293.5 million outstanding balance on our $400.0 million to $500.0 million revolving credit facility (&ldquo;Revolver&rdquo;).&nbsp; Debt service for fiscal 2019 is $9.8&nbsp;million. During our second and third fiscal quarters
 our operations generally require more cash than is available from operations.&nbsp; In these circumstances
 it is necessary to borrow under our Revolver.&nbsp; Our ability to obtain financing in the future through credit facilities will be affected by several factors
 including our creditworthiness
 our ability to operate in a profitable manner and general market and credit conditions.&nbsp; Significant changes in our business or cash outflows from operations could create a need for additional working capital.&nbsp; An inability to obtain additional working capital on terms reasonably acceptable to us or access the Revolver would materially and adversely affect our operations. Additionally
 if we need to use a portion of our cash flows to pay principal and interest on our debt
 it will reduce the amount of money we have for operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansions
 acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities.&nbsp;




 among other things
 limit our ability to borrow money
 including with respect to the refinancing of existing indebtedness. These provisions may limit our ability to conduct our business
 take advantage of business opportunities and respond to changing business
 market and economic conditions. In addition
 they may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies that may be subject to fewer
 if any
 restrictions. Failure to comply with the requirements of our Revolver and debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We have pledged our accounts receivable
 inventory and the capital stock or other ownership interests that we own in our subsidiaries to secure the credit facility. If a default occurred and was not cured
 secured lenders could foreclose on this collateral.










Our existing shareholders
 if acting together
 may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval. 


 while holders of our Class&nbsp;A common stock are entitled to one-twentieth of a vote per share. In addition
 holders of our 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock
 Series A
 our 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock
 Series B and
 solely with respect to the election of directors
 our 6% Cumulative Voting Preferred Stock
 which we refer to as our voting preferred stock
 are entitled to one vote per share. As of March 31
 2018
 holders of Class B common stock and voting preferred stock held 88.0% of the combined voting power of all shares of capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote. These shareholders
 if acting together
 would be in a position to control the election of our directors and to effect or prevent certain corporate transactions that require majority or supermajority approval of the combined classes
 including mergers and other business combinations. This may result in us taking corporate actions that you may not consider to be in your best interest and may affect the price of our common stock.


 2018
 our current executive officers and directors beneficially owned 12.6% of our outstanding shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock
 52.0% of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock and 53.5% of our voting preferred stock
 or 47.7% of the combined voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock. This concentration of voting power may inhibit changes in control of the Company and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.





 the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. These provisions include:



			

			

			
			


		
			
			
			


			

			

			
			


		
			
			
			


			

			

			

 rights
 powers and restrictions as the board of directors may determine;


		
			
			
			


			

			

			
			


		
			
			
			


			

			

			

 in addition to certain restrictions which may apply to &ldquo;business combinations&rdquo; involving us and an &ldquo;interested shareholder&rdquo;
 a plan for our merger or consolidation must be approved by two-thirds of the votes of&nbsp;all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. See &ldquo;Our existing shareholders
 if acting together
 may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval.&rdquo;&nbsp;







 payment of cash dividends on our common stock is not permitted by the terms of our revolving credit facility.






 or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting
 we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
 timely file our periodic reports
 maintain our reporting status or prevent fraud.


 2018
&nbsp; Our management or our independent registered public accounting firm may identify other material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. The existence of internal control material weaknesses may result in current and potential stockholders losing confidence in our financial reporting
 which could harm our business
 the market price of our common stock
 and our ability to retain our current
 or obtain new
 alliance and collaboration agreements&rsquo; with&nbsp;our partners.&nbsp; In addition
 the existence of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may affect our ability to timely file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). The inability to timely file periodic reports could result in the SEC revoking the registration of our common stock
 which would prohibit us from listing or having our stock quoted on The NASDAQ Global Select Market or any other stock exchange. This would have an adverse effect on our business and stock price by limiting the publicly available information regarding us and greatly reducing the ability of our stockholders to sell or trade our common stock.





 First-Out (LIFO) method of inventory accounting. As of March 31
 2018
 we had a LIFO reserve of $158.8 million
 which
 at the U.S. corporate tax rates (federal and state)
 represents approximately $39.7 million of income taxes
 payment of which is delayed to future dates based upon changes in inventory costs. From time-to-time
 discussions regarding changes in U.S. tax laws have included the potential of LIFO being repealed. Should LIFO be repealed
 the $39.7 million of postponed taxes
 plus any future benefit realized prior to the date of repeal
 would likely have to be repaid over some period of time. Repayment of these postponed taxes will reduce the amount of cash that we would have available to fund our operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansions
 acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities. This could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 2017 on our reported results for fiscal 2018 and beyond may differ from the estimates provided in this report due to changes in interpretations and assumptions we have made
 guidance that may be issued and the other actions we may take as a result of the new tax law different from that currently contemplated.





 we operate a wholly owned insurance subsidiary
 Dundee Insurance Company
 Inc. We recognize this subsidiary as an insurance company for federal income tax purposes with respect to our consolidated federal income tax return. In the event the Internal Revenue Service (&ldquo;IRS&rdquo;) were to determine that this subsidiary does not qualify as an insurance company
 we could be required to make accelerated income tax payments to the IRS that we otherwise would have deferred until future periods.


























			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 California

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 Idaho

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Idaho

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Illinois

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Kentucky

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Michigan

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Michigan

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Minnesota

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Oregon

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Oregon

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Pennsylvania

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Washington

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Washington

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Washington

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			










 California plant prior to the 2018 production season.


 although highly utilized
 have the ability to expand as sales requirements justify. Because of the seasonal production cycles
 the exact extent of utilization is difficult to measure. In certain circumstances
 the theoretical full efficiency levels are being reached; however
 expansion of the number of production days or hours could increase the output by up to 20% for a season.


 5 and 6 of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 for additional information about the Company&rsquo;s long-term debt and lease commitments.







 &quot;Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies&quot; to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data.


 Business -- Environmental Regulation
 for information regarding environmental legal proceedings.



















Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Stock
 Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


 refer to the information in the 2018 Annual Report
 &ldquo;Shareholder Information and Quarterly Results&rdquo;
 which is incorporated by reference.




 2007
 the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;2007 Equity Plan&rdquo;) was approved by shareholders at the Company&rsquo;s annual meeting. The 2007 Equity Plan had a 10-year term and in 2018 was extended for an additional ten years
 and authorized the issuance of up to 100
000 shares of either Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or a combination of the two classes of stock. 3
408 shares were awarded in fiscal year 2018 under the terms of the 2007 Equity Plan. As of March 31
 2018
 there were 62
240 shares available for distribution as part of future awards under the 2007 Equity Plan. No additional shares have been awarded under the 2007 Equity Plan through the date of this Form 10-K filing.&nbsp;






 &ldquo;Shareholder Information and Quarterly Results&rdquo;
 which is incorporated by reference.





		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			


		
			

			

			

			


			


			


		
			

			

			

			


			


			


		
			

			


			

			

			

			

			


			


			


		

			


			


			

			

			

			

			


			


			




			


			


			


			


			


			


			


			

			



			



983


			


			


			


			


			


			

			



			



988


			


			


			


			


			


			

			



			



971


			


			


			


			


			


			



066
158






			
			

 matching Trustees of Dundee Insurance Company
 Inc. and&nbsp;the Seneca Foods
 L.L.C. 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan to provide employee contributions under the Plans.



			
			

 most recently on March 10
 2015 when the repurchase program was&nbsp;increased to 2
500
000 shares. As of March 31
 2018
 the Company has purchased 1
433
842 shares and there remains 1
066
158&nbsp;shares available to purchase under the program.










 &ldquo;Five Year Selected Financial Data&rdquo;
 which is incorporated by reference.







 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo;
 which is incorporated by reference.







 &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk&rdquo;
 which is incorporated by reference.












 &quot;Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto including Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
&quot; which is incorporated by reference.












. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b)
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report
 our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below.

. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) that occurred during our most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

. In reviewing the accounting for certain transactions related to the Company&rsquo;s bill and hold revenue recognition for the Green Giant contract
 our management identified a deficiency in our internal control over financial reporting that is described in Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting below. Our management has concluded that this deficiency constitutes a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. We also developed a remediation plan for this material weakness
 which is also described below.

. Our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In conducting the Company&#39;s evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
 the Company excluded the acquisition of Truitt Bros.
 Inc. (Truitt) which was completed April 3
 2017. Truitt constituted 5.2% of total assets as of March 31
 2018
 and 7.0% of revenues&nbsp; respectively
 for the year then ended March 31
 2018. Refer to Note 3
 Acquisition to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the Truitt acquisition and its impact on the Company&#39;s consolidated financial statements. Based on its evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31
 2018
 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below. A material weakness is a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


 the Green Giant contract
 our management identified a deficiency in the effectiveness of a control intended to properly document and review relevant facts in connection with our revenue recognition policy with respect to bill and hold transactions. The Company has determined that (1) the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended March 31
 2014
 2015
 2016 and 2017 and the independent registered public accounting firm&rsquo;s reports thereon and (2) the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the interim periods within the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2018 should be restated to correct inadvertent errors in the application of generally accepted accounting principles dealing with complex and technical accounting issues relating to &ldquo;bill and hold&rdquo; revenue recognition.&nbsp; This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes expanded financial information and other disclosures in lieu of filing separate amended annual reports for the affected periods. The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Standards require that a restatement of financial statements be regarded as a significant deficiency in internal control over financial reporting and a strong indicator of a material weakness. Consistent with these standards
 management has concluded that the restatements of its consolidated financial statements constitutes a&nbsp;material weakness.







		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 technical oversight and training.






 subject to there being sufficient opportunities to conclude
 through testing
 that the enhanced control is operating effectively.




















 New York




 2018
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the &ldquo;COSO criteria&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the Company did not maintain
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2018
 based on the COSO criteria




 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company and subsidiaries as of March 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of net (loss) earnings
 comprehensive (loss) income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as &ldquo;the financial statements&rdquo;) and our report dated June 29
 2018
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




 included in the accompanying Item 9A
 Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness regarding management&rsquo;s failure to design and maintain controls over bill and hold revenue recognition has been identified and described in management&rsquo;s assessment. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2018 financial statements
 and this report does not affect our report dated June 29
 2018 on those financial statements.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




 LLP


 Wisconsin


 2018

























Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


 as amended
 for the Company&rsquo;s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on July 27
 2018. The Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year ended March 31
 2018.








 its members and the audit committee financial experts is incorporated herein by reference from the subsection entitled &ldquo;Audit Committee&rdquo; in the section entitled &ldquo;Board Governance&rdquo; in the Proxy Statement.







&rdquo; &ldquo;Summary Compensation Table
&rdquo; &ldquo;Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2018
&rdquo; &ldquo;Outstanding Equity Awards at 2018 Fiscal Year-End
&rdquo; &ldquo;Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2018
&rdquo; &ldquo;Pension Benefits
&rdquo; &ldquo;Compensation of Directors&rdquo; and &ldquo;Compensation Committee Interlocks.&rdquo; The information included under the heading &ldquo;Compensation Committee Report&rdquo; in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference; however
 this information shall not be deemed to be &ldquo;soliciting material&rdquo; or to be &ldquo;filed&rdquo; with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C
 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act.












Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence




























			

			
Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 and Supplemental Schedule






			

			

			
 - the following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant
 included in the 2018 Annual Report
 are incorporated by reference in Item 8:





 2018
 2017 and 2016


 2018
 2017 and 2016


 2018 and 2017


 2018
 2017 and 2016


 2018
 2017 and 2016


 2018
 2017 and 2016




		
			
			





			

			

			
			





		
			
			

		
			
			




 including the notes thereto.



			

			

			
			







		
			

			


The Company&rsquo;s restated Certificate of Incorporation
 (incorporated by reference to the Company&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11
 2010).





		
			

			


The Company&rsquo;s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed August 18
 1995 for the quarter ended July 1
 1995).






			

			

			
Amendment to the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6
 2007).





		
			

			


Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of July 5
 2016 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation
 Seneca Foods
 LLC
 Seneca Snack Company
 Green Valley Foods
 LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation
 the financial institutions party thereto as lenders
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as agent
 issuing bank
 syndication agent
 and lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#39;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 5
 2016).





		
			

			


The Loan Agreement as of December 9
 2016 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation
 Seneca Foods
 LLC
 Seneca Snack Company
 Green Valley Foods
 LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation and Farm Credit East
 ACA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 9
 2016).





		
			

			


Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2002).






			

			

			
Seneca Foods Corporation Executive Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27
 2017).






			

			

			
Seneca Foods Corporation Manager Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27
 2017).











		
			

			


The material contained in the 2018 Annual Report to Shareholders under the following headings: &ldquo;Five Year Selected Financial Data&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&rdquo;
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto including Independent Auditors&rsquo; Report
 &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk&rdquo;
 and &ldquo;Shareholder Information and Quarterly Results&rdquo; (filed herewith).





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


Consent of BDO USA
 LLP (filed herewith).





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			



 2018
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) consolidated balance sheets
 (ii) consolidated statements of net earnings
 (iii) consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 (iv) consolidated statements of cash flows
 (v) consolidated statement of stockholders&rsquo; equity and (vi) the notes to the consolidated financial statements.






























 New York


 2018 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Seneca Foods Corporation
 which is incorporated in Item 8 of Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2018 by reference to the annual report to shareholders for the year ended March 31
 2018 &nbsp;also included the audit of the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company&#39;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audits.


 such financial statement schedule
 when read in connection with the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.




 LLP


 Wisconsin
June 29
 2018









			




			




			






			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2016:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




		


 net of recoveries.













 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.


		

			
			
			
			

 Chief Financial
			


			
 2018





 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:




			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018



			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			


 Chief

			


 2018


		
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			




			


 2018


		
			
			

			
			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			




			


 2018



			
			


 &nbsp;and
			
			

			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018




			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018




			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018


		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018




			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



Samuel T. Hubbard
 Jr. 

			

			

			


 2018





 Jr.

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018




			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2018




			

			
			
			
			
















	
	









		

			


		


 except per share data and ratios)










			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

314

			
			
			

262

			
			
			

279

			
			
			

283

			
			
			

340

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant
 and equipment

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

070

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 plant
 and equipment

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

 respectively.






			

			
			






			

			

 2017
 2015 and 2014 include the Revolving Credit Facility as discussed in Note 5
 Long-Term Debt. During fiscal 2016
 the Revolving Credit Facility was included in current liabilities. If calculated on a comparable basis to other fiscal years
 the fiscal 2016 percentage would be 77.2%.






			



 for convertible preferred shares
 the number of common shares that the preferred shares are convertible into. See Note 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for conversion details.


		
			
			




















 with facilities located throughout the United States. Its high quality products are primarily sourced from over 2
000 American farms.


 food service
 and export canned vegetable markets
 distributing to over 90 countries.&nbsp;&nbsp; Products are also sold under the highly regarded brands of Libby&rsquo;s&reg;
 Aunt Nellie&rsquo;s&reg;
 Green Valley&reg;
 READ&reg;
 Cherryman&reg; and Seneca labels
 including Seneca snack chips.&nbsp; In addition
 Seneca provides vegetable products under a contract packing agreement with B&amp;G Foods North America
 under the Green Giant label.


 the Company acquired a 50% equity interest in Truitt Bros.
 Inc. (&ldquo;Truitt&rdquo;) which was accounted for as an equity interest. During 2018
 the Company purchased the remaining 50% equity interest in Truitt. Truitt is known for its industry innovation related to packing shelf stable foods in trays
 pouches and bowls. The business
 based in Salem
 Oregon
 has two state-of-the-art plants located in Oregon and Kentucky.


 high quality fruit and vegetable products to consumers through the elimination of costs from the Company&rsquo;s supply chain and investment in state-of-the-art production and logistical technology; 3) focusing on growth opportunities to capitalize on higher expected returns; and 4) pursuing&nbsp;strategic acquisitions that leverage the Company&rsquo;s core competencies.






 2018
 the Company concluded that it did not meet all of the criteria for bill and hold treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13 for the Green Giant contract. In particular
 the Company determined that performance obligations were not complete at the time title transferred to the customer as the unlabeled products under this contract were not ready for shipment. The Company has determined that the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2017 and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the interim periods within the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2018 should be restated to correct these inadvertent errors in the application of generally accepted accounting principles dealing with complex and technical accounting issues relating to &ldquo;bill and hold&rdquo; revenue recognition.&nbsp;


 Consolidated Balance Sheets
 Consolidated Statement of Stockholder&rsquo;s Equity and Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.




 the Company recorded&nbsp;restructuring charges of $10.0 million mostly related to the closing of the Modesto plant in the West ($5.4 million related to operating lease termination costs and $4.1 million related to a pension termination cost)
 of which $0.7 million was related to severance cost ($0.6 million related to Modesto) and the balance for a plant in the Midwest and Northwest. In addition
 there was a true-up credit mostly related to long-lived asset charges (fixed asset impairment) of a credit of $0.4 million and other costs for various equipment transfers of a charge of $0.1 million.


 the Company increased the costs related to the closing of the plant in the Northwest
 started in 2016
 by $0.5 million
 mostly related to operating equipment move costs partially offset by an adjustment to a lease liability. In addition
 in 2017 the Company incurred $1.3 million related to severance costs for a plant in the West.


 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $10.4 million related to the closing of a plant in the Northwest of which $0.2 million was related to severance cost
 $5.1 million was related to asset impairments (contra fixed assets)
 and $5.1 million was related to other costs ($3.6 related to operating lease costs). During 2016
 the Company reduced the costs of a plant closing in the Midwest
 started in 2015
 by $0.1 million
 mostly related to severance costs.















Divestitures
 Other Charges and Credits


 a gain on the sale of a plant of $1.1 million and a gain on the partial sale of a plant of $0.4 million. The Company also recorded a gain of $0.4 million on the sale of fixed assets.


 there was a charge for an impairment of a long-term asset of $1.1 million. The Company also recorded a loss of $0.2 million on the sale of fixed assets.






 finance seasonal working capital needs and to make capital expenditures. Internally generated funds and amounts available under the revolving credit facility are the Company&rsquo;s primary sources of liquidity
 although the Company believes it has the ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional stock
 if it desires.




 2016. Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total $400.0 million from April through July and $500.0 million from August through March.&nbsp; The Revolver balance as of March 31
 2018 was $293.5 million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver&rsquo;s July 5
 2021 maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility
 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by the Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains a financial covenant and borrowing base requirements. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables and fruits the Company packages. The majority of vegetable and fruit inventories are produced during the months of June through November and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable and fruit produce are generally three months but can vary from a few days to seven months. Accordingly
 the Company&rsquo;s need to draw on the Revolver may fluctuate significantly throughout the year.


 planned capital expenditures and debt service obligations for at least the next 12&nbsp;months.





















			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			

			




 2018:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


















 the Company entered into some interim lease notes which financed down payments for various equipment orders at market rates. As of March 31
 2017
 these interim notes had not been converted into operating leases since the equipment was not yet delivered. These notes
 which total $0.2 million as of March 31
 2017
 are included in notes payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of March 31
 2018 the notes were converted into operating leases.









			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 2018
 the Company has two mortgages outstanding for $9.5&nbsp;million. On December 9
 2016
 the Company entered into a $100.0 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of December 9
 2021. As discussed in Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 the Company classified its Revolver balance as long-term debt at March 31
 2018 and 2017. On August 16
 2016
 the Company paid off four industrial revenue bonds (&quot;IRBs&quot;)
 totaling $22.6&nbsp;million. The Company assumed a tax-exempt bond with the Truitt acquisition on April 1
 2018 for $10.0 million with a maturity date of October 1
 2032. The Company did not issue any significant long-term debt in 2016
 other than the Revolver.
















 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&rsquo;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&rsquo;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&rsquo;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum interest coverage ratio and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the interest coverage ratio within the Farm Credit term loan which for 2018 was defined as greater than 4 to 1. However
 this covenant was updated in connection with an amendment on June 18
 2018.&nbsp; The interest coverage ratio will be&nbsp;1.1 to 1.0 through December 31
 2018
&nbsp;&nbsp;2.0 to 1.0 from March 31
 2019
 through September 30
 2019 and 4.0 to 1.0
 thereafter. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met or has received a waiver/amendment for all such financial covenants as of March 31
 2018.




 Illinois
 and 2) $3.4 million for a warehouse in Payette
 Idaho. In addition
 there were lease buyouts
 equipment replacements and other improvements in 2018. Capital expenditures in 2017 totaled $32.1&nbsp;million and there were two major projects in 2017 as follows: 1) $2.0&nbsp;million to purchase land in Princeville
 Illinois
 and 2) $4.8&nbsp;million to buy fixed assets of a seed processing facility in Nampa
 Idaho. Capital expenditures in 2016 totaled $9.9 million and were equipment replacements and other improvements
 and cost saving projects but no major projects in 2016.




 accounts receivable increased by $6.7 million or 9.3% versus 2017
 due to higher sales volume in the fourth quarter of 2018 compared to 2017 and the Truitt business we acquired in April 2017. In 2017
 accounts receivable decreased by $4.7&nbsp;million or 6.1% versus 2016
 due to the impact of decreased sales volume in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared to 2016.




 inventories increased by $51.9&nbsp;million primarily reflecting the effect of higher finished goods quantities (including Truitt inventories) and higher work in process quantities partially offset by the $15.0&nbsp;million LIFO reserve increase. The LIFO reserve balance was $158.8&nbsp;million at March 31
 2018 versus $143.8&nbsp;million at the prior year end. The LIFO reserve increased as a result of higher input costs in 2018.


 inventories increased by $19.4&nbsp;million primarily reflecting the effect of higher finished goods quantities and higher work in process quantities. The LIFO reserve balance was $143.8&nbsp;million at March 31
 2017 versus $153.9&nbsp;million at the prior year end.


















 the sales price is determinable
 collectability is reasonable assured
 and shipment or delivery has occurred or services have been rendered


 which are recorded as a reduction of net sales
 include amounts paid to encourage retailers to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of the Company&rsquo;s products to consumers
 amounts paid to obtain favorable display positions in retail stores
 and amounts paid to retailers for shelf space in retail stores. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale of product to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers for amounts they consider due to them. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time.


 plant
 and equipment are depreciated over their assigned lives. The assigned lives and the projected cash flows used to test impairment are subjective. If actual lives are shorter than anticipated or if future cash flows are less than anticipated
 a future impairment charge or a loss on disposal of the assets could be incurred. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted value of the cash flows is less than the carrying value. If such is the case
 a loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value.




 2018
 the Company was obligated to make cash payments in connection with its debt
 operating and capital leases
 and purchase commitments. The effect of these obligations and commitments on the Company&rsquo;s liquidity and cash flows in future periods are listed below. All of these arrangements require cash payments over varying periods of time. Certain of these arrangements are cancelable on short notice and others require additional payments as part of any early termination. The interest rate used for variable rate debt is the current year average.



			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			


 2018

			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 the Company&rsquo;s defined benefit plan has an unfunded pension liability of $23.3 million which is subject to certain actuarial assumptions. The unfunded status increased by $15.1 million during 2018 reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of March 31
 2018. This unfunded status increase was recognized via the actual gain on plan assets and the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $11.7 million after the income tax expense of $3.9 million. The increase in projected benefit obligation was a function of using the full yield curve approach
 a decrease in the discount rate from 4.35% to 4.14% and the change to using an updated mortality table. During 2018
 the Company converted to the 2006 base rates from the RP-2016 mortality study with the Blue Collar adjustment
 with a generational projection of future mortality improvements from 2006 using Scale MP-2017 for calculating the pension obligation in 2018 and the related pension expense in 2019. Effective March 31
 2016
 the Company elected to change the approach used to calculate the service and interest cost components of the net periodic benefit cost for its pension and postretirement benefit plans to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. Historically the Company calculated the service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Now the new estimate utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. The change does not affect the measurement of pension and postretirement obligations and is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate
 which is applied prospectively.














 2017 to $212.8 million as of March 31
 2018 due to a gain on plan assets of $7.0 million from a continued recovery in market conditions and the $2.7 million contribution by the Company. The increase was also attributable to the merger of the Gray Plan of $3.3 million.&nbsp; These increases were partially offset by $8.0 million in benefit payments.&nbsp; The Company made this contribution to maintain its funding status at an acceptable level.


 the Company entered into new capital and operating leases of approximately $11.8&nbsp;million
 based on the if-purchased value
 which was primarily for agricultural and packaging equipment.




 the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the cash settlements required in future periods.






 unless the issuer gives cancellation notice in advance. On March&nbsp;31
 2018
 the Company had $10.4 million in outstanding standby letters of credit. These standby letters of credit are supported by the Company&rsquo;s Revolver and reduce borrowings available under the Revolver.




 the Company&rsquo;s cash and cash equivalents increased by $3.1&nbsp;million
 which is due to the net impact of $13.2&nbsp;million used in operating activities
 $45.0 million used in investing activities
 and $61.3&nbsp;million provided by financing activities.&nbsp; This is compared to cash and cash equivalents increased by $3.4&nbsp;million in 2017
 which is due to the net impact of $24.3&nbsp;million provided by&nbsp;operating activities
 $31.7&nbsp;million used in investing activities
 and $10.8&nbsp;million provided by financing activities.




 a decrease in deferred income tax of $13.8 million
 and a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expense of $21.5&nbsp;million
 partially offset by a decrease in inventories in 2018 versus 2017. The 2018 earnings reflect a LIFO charge of $15.0&nbsp;million resulting&nbsp;in an increase in the tax payment deferral of $3.8&nbsp;million. During 2018
 the Company made a $2.7 million contribution to its pension plan compared to an $8.2 million contribution in the previous year.


 the Company made an $8.2 million contribution to its pension plan compared to a $23.1 million contribution in the previous year. The 2016 net earnings reflect the effect of a one-time $24.3 million payment received from General Mills related to a relationship transfer agreement.


 from June through November
 and are then sold over the following year. Cash flow from operating activities is one of the Company&rsquo;s main sources of liquidity.
















 principally reflecting capital expenditures and an acquisition for $14.4 million. Capital expenditures aggregated $32.7&nbsp;million in 2018 versus $32.1&nbsp;million in 2017. There were two major projects in 2018 as follows: 1) $2.8 million for the expansion of a production line in Princeville
 Illinois
 and 2) $3.4 million for a warehouse in Payette
 Idaho.


 principally reflecting capital expenditures. Capital expenditures aggregated $32.1&nbsp;million in 2017 versus $9.9&nbsp;million in 2016. The increase was primarily attributable to more large projects in 2017 along with lease buyouts
 equipment replacements and other improvements. There were two major projects in 2017 as follows: 1) $2.0&nbsp;million to purchase land in Princeville
 Illinois
 and 2) $4.8&nbsp;million to buy fixed assets of a seed processing facility in Nampa
 Idaho.





Cash provided by financing activities was $10.8&nbsp;million in 2017 representing the new Farm Credit note for $100.0 million and a net decrease in the Revolver of $56.8 million and the payoff of $22.6 million industrial revenue bonds
 partially offset by a partial payoff of interim funding of $0.2 million and the purchase of $2.8 million of treasury stock during 2017 versus $6.3 million purchased in 2016.






			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

314

			
			
			

262

			
			
			

279

			




		

			








 from $1
262.2&nbsp;million to $1
314.8&nbsp;million. The increase primarily reflects a $92.8&nbsp;million increase in prepared food sales due to the April 2017&nbsp;Truitt acquisition
 a $25.3&nbsp;million decrease in Green Giant sales
 a $29.8&nbsp;million decrease in Fruit sales
 a $15.8&nbsp;million increase in canned vegetables sales
 a $7.3 million increase in frozen
 a $2.3 million decrease in Snack sales
 and a $5.9&nbsp;million decrease in other sales. The increase in sales is attributable to higher selling prices/more favorable sales mix of $50.5&nbsp;million and increased sales volume of $2.1&nbsp;million. The increased selling prices/more favorable sales mix is primarily due to canned vegetables.














 due to higher commodity and steel costs
 and lower selling prices (primarily the fruit) in 2018 versus 2017.


 general and administrative expense was 5.6% of sales in 2018 and 5.8% of sales in 2017. This decrease is due in part to lower employment costs in 2018 than 2017.


 a gain on the sale of a plant of $1.1 million and a gain on the partial sale of a plant of $0.4 million. The Company also recorded a gain of $0.4 million on the sale of fixed assets.


 which are described in detail in the Restructuring section of Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 increased from $1.8 million in 2017 to $10.0 million in 2018. The $10.0 million was mostly due to the closing of a plant in Modesto
 California.&nbsp; No new production will be coming from this facility for the 2018 pack.&nbsp; The facility will continue to be a warehouse in the near term.


 net
 increased from $9.7&nbsp;million in 2017 to $15.0&nbsp;million in 2018 due in part to the higher average Revolver borrowings in 2018 versus 2017
 due to the Truitt acquisition in 2018 and the higher inventories in 2018 than 2017. Approximately $3.1 million of this interest expense increase was as a result of rising interest rates.


 pre-tax earnings decreased from $25.6&nbsp;million in 2017 to pre-tax loss of $20.3&nbsp;million in 2018. The effective tax rate was 31.9% in 2018 and 38.0% in 2017.&nbsp; Of the 6.1 percentage point decrease in the effective tax rate for the year
 there are three major contributors. The change in valuation allowance related to state credits accounts for a 9.9% decrease. There are certain California state income tax credit carryovers that will likely not be realized given the closure of the Modesto plant. The change in income tax rate resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act accounts for 4.9% of this decrease. These two items were partially offset by the change in federal and state credits and incentives which accounts for an 8.8% increase. The dollar amount of these credits and incentives did not change significantly from 2017 to 2018.&nbsp; However
 because income was reported in 2017 and a loss was reported in 2018
 the credits and incentives have an inverse impact on the tax rate in 2018 compared to 2017.&nbsp;




 from $1
279.6&nbsp;million to $1
262.2&nbsp;million. The decrease primarily reflects a $12.2&nbsp;million decrease in Green Giant sales
 a $32.8&nbsp;million increase in fruit sales
 a $3.9&nbsp;million increase in frozen sales
 a $41.2&nbsp;million decrease in canned vegetables sales and a $0.7&nbsp;million decrease in other sales. The decrease in sales is attributable to lower selling prices/less favorable sales mix of $91.8&nbsp;million partially offset by increased sales volume of $74.5&nbsp;million. The decreased selling prices/less favorable sales mix is primarily due to canned fruit and vegetables. Canned fruit sales include a $48.4 million increase from Gray and Diana sales which was acquired during the third and fourth quarters of 2016.




 general and administrative expense was unchanged&nbsp;at 5.7% of sales in 2017 from&nbsp;2016.


 there was a charge for an impairment of a long-term asset of $1.1 million. The Company also recorded a loss of $0.2 million on the sale of fixed assets.


 which are described in detail in the Restructuring section of Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 decreased from $10.3 million in 2016 to $2.4 million in 2017. About $1.8 million of this charge was due to the closing of a plant in the West during the year.


 net
 increased from $8.0&nbsp;million in 2016 to $9.7&nbsp;million in 2017 due to higher overall average borrowing rates in 2017 versus 2016.


 pre-tax earnings decreased from $83.6&nbsp;million in 2016 to $25.6&nbsp;million in 2017. The effective tax rate was 38.0% in 2017 and 32.6% in 2016. Of the 5.4&nbsp;percentage point increase in the effective tax rate for the year
 the major contributor to this increase is the permanent differences not deductible which account for 2.0% of this increase. The other significant change is in the manufacturer&rsquo;s deduction
 which is based on taxable income. As a result of significant bonus depreciation in the fourth quarter of 2017
 the percentage of the deduction in relationship to book income is lower than last year by 2.4%.
















 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue&nbsp;to be collected and to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB deferred the effective date by one year while providing the option to early adopt the standard on the original effective date. The new standard was effective for the Company on April 1
 2018. We analyzed the expected impact that the new guidance will have on our policies
 processes
 controls
 and disclosures. This assessment required
 among other things
 a review of the contracts we have with our customers. The majority&nbsp;of our revenue is earned pursuant to agreements under which we have performance obligations
 which are satisfied at a point-in-time
 and the timing of revenue recognition will be similar under the new standard as control of the goods transfers to our customers at the same point-in-time that the risks and rewards of&nbsp;ownership transferred historically.&nbsp; &nbsp;However
 based on our analysis
 we do expect that this ASU will have a material effect on our historically reported Consolidated Financial Statements as well as our existing processes to recognize revenue
 primarily as a result of the Company&rsquo;s Green Giant contract. As discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 this contract did not meet all the requirements for bill and hold revenue recognition treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13.&nbsp; However
 under the new revenue recognition standard
 this contract will quality for bill and hold accounting treatment as the Company has concluded that control of the unlabeled products transfers to the customer at the time title transfers and the customer has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery)
 which will result in earlier revenue recognition.&nbsp; Additionally
 labeling and storage services that are provided after control of the goods has transferred to the customer will be accounted for as separate performance obligations for which revenue will be deferred until the services are performed. &nbsp;For the fiscal year ended in 2018
 as a result of the adoption of the new standard
 revenue would have&nbsp;increased by approximately $14.0 million
 net loss&nbsp;would have&nbsp;decreased by approximately $5.3&nbsp;million
 and stockholders&rsquo; equity as of March 31
 2018 would have&nbsp;increased by $14.4&nbsp;million. Beginning in fiscal 2019
 our disclosures will change as appropriate to comply with the new guidance. The guidance allows for both retrospective and modified retrospective methods of adoption. We will apply the full retrospective method of adoption.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02
 The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 (beginning fiscal 2020)
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. While we are still evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements
 we expect that upon adoption we will recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities and that the amounts could be material.

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-01&nbsp;(&quot;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&quot;)
with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&nbsp;is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted for transactions which occur before the issuance or effective date of the amendments
 only when the transaction has not been reported in the financial statements that have been issued or made available for issuance.&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&nbsp;is to be applied on a prospective basis. The Company does not expect the adoption of&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&nbsp;to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-02
 This amendment is intended to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting only from the December 2017 enacted United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) and is not intended to impact underlying accounting guidance that requires that the effect of a change in tax laws or tax rates be included in income from operations. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31
 2018 with earlier adoption permitted. The Company has early adopted this update in its fourth quarter ended March 31
 2018 resulting in a $2.4 million reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss and a corresponding $2.4 million increase to retained earnings. This reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss relates to the deferred income tax stranded tax effects resulting from the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate under the TCJA.&nbsp; The pension and post-retirement benefits adjustment is the Company&rsquo;s only component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update2017-07
 
 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
 only the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost will be eligible for capitalization. ASU 2017-07 will be effective for the Company&nbsp;on April&nbsp;1
 2018. The change in presentation of service cost must be applied retrospectively
 while the capitalization of service cost must be applied on a prospective basis. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures.












QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK




 2018. As a result of its regular borrowing activities
 the Company&rsquo;s operating results are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates
 which it manages primarily through its regular financing activities. The Company uses a revolving credit facility with variable interest rates and a $100.0 million term loan to finance capital expenditures
 acquisitions
 seasonal working capital requirements and to pay debt principal and interest obligations. In addition
 long-term debt includes secured notes payable and an industrial bond. Long-term debt bears interest at fixed and variable rates. With $359.7&nbsp;million in average variable-rate debt during fiscal 2018
 a 1% change in interest rates would have had a $3.6&nbsp;million effect on interest expense. The following table provides information about the Company&rsquo;s financial instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. The table presents principal cash flows and related weighted average interest rates by expected maturity date. Weighted average interest rates on long-term variable-rate debt are based on rates as of March&nbsp;31
 2018.




			

			




 2018

			



			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 such as vegetables
 fruits
 steel
 ingredients
 and packaging materials
 as well as the electricity and natural gas used in the Company&rsquo;s business are commodities that may experience price volatility caused by external factors including market fluctuations
 availability
 weather
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental regulations and agricultural programs. These events may result in reduced supplies of these materials
 higher supply costs
 or interruptions in the Company&rsquo;s production schedules. If prices of these raw materials increase and the Company is not able to effectively pass such price increases along to its customers
 operating income will decrease. With $114.3&nbsp;million in produce costs expected during 2019
 a 1% change would have a $1.1&nbsp;million effect on inventory costs. A 1% change in steel unit costs would equate to a $1.1&nbsp;million cost impact.















		

			


		


 except per share amounts)











			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

314

			
			
			

262

			
			
			

279

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

240

			
			
			

150

			
			
			

128

			




 general
 and administrative expense

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

320

			
			
			

227

			
			
			

187

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 net of interest income of $54
 $18
 and $4
 respectively

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





		

			












		

			


		
			

		

			


		

			











			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




774
 $10
367
 and $2
179
 respectively)

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			



			
			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			
















			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $56 and $50
 respectively

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant
 and equipment:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant
 and equipment

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

070

			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			

		
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 less current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




 at cost

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

070

			
			
			


			







			

















			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 plant
 and equipment

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 beginning of year

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 end of year

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 plant and equipment issued under capital lease

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 plant and equipment

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			







			















		

			


		


 except share amounts)







			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2015 (Restated)

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




179)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2016 (Restated)

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




367)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2017 (Restated)

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




774)

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			







			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			


			
			
			

400

			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

000

			
			
			

000

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2016

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

918

			
			
			

894

			




 2017

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

910

			
			
			

884

			




 2018

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			

860

			
			
			

884

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			







			


















Seneca Foods Corporation (the &ldquo;Parent Company&rdquo;) and subsidiaries (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) conducts its business almost entirely in food packaging
 operating 30 plants and 34 warehouses in eleven states. The Company markets private label and branded packaged foods to retailers and institutional food distributors.

&mdash; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions
 profits
 and balances.

&mdash; The Company recognizes revenue when it&rsquo;s realized or realizable and has been earned.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue is recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 the sales price is determinable
 collectability is reasonable assured
 and shipment or delivery has occurred or services have been rendered.&nbsp;


 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time.

&mdash; Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist of trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. Wholesale and retail food distributors comprise a significant portion of the trade receivables; collateral is generally not required. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company&rsquo;s total sales. Green Giant sales to GMOL and B &amp; G Foods represented approximately 9%
 11% and 12% of net sales in each of 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The top ten customers
 including B &amp; G Foods&nbsp;(and GMOL prior to November 2015)
 represented approximately 45%
 46% and 46% of net sales for 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however
 the Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts.



The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents (Level 1)
 accounts receivable
 short-term debt (Level 2) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note 10
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.




		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			





		
			

			


			












&mdash; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt
 which is not materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of March 31
 2018
 there were $0.7 million of unamortized financing cost included in other current assets and $0.1 million of unamortized financing costs included as a contra to long-term debt and current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

&mdash; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in
 first-out (&ldquo;LIFO&rdquo;) method; or market.




 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&rsquo;s forecast of future taxable income
 the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.


 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense.

&mdash; The Company includes all shipping and handling costs billed to customers in net sales and the corresponding costs in cost of products sold. The shipping and handling costs billed to customers in net sales were $40.6 million
 $38.0 million and $38.3 million in 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively.

&mdash; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations were $2.4 million
 $2.1 million and $2.0 million in 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

&mdash; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value
 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&nbsp; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
 experience of delinquencies (accounts over 15&nbsp;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)
 and current market conditions. Management believes these provisions are adequate based upon the relevant information presently available.

&mdash; The Company has three series of convertible preferred stock
 which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&nbsp;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &ldquo;two-class&rdquo; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.


 which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.&nbsp;
















			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			


 except per share amounts)

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




&mdash; Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was $31.1 million
 $24.2 million
 and $21.4 million in 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements &mdash; 30&nbsp;years; machinery and equipment &mdash; 10-15&nbsp;years; computer software &mdash; 3-5&nbsp;years; vehicles &mdash; 3-7&nbsp;years; and land improvements &mdash; 10-20&nbsp;years. The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. There were $5.1 million of impairment losses in 2016 included in Plant Restructuring (see Note 15
 Plant Restructuring). There were no significant impairment losses in 2018 and 2017.

&mdash; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&quot;GAAP&quot;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the related revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.

&mdash; In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue&nbsp;to be collected and to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB deferred the effective date by one year while providing the option to early adopt the standard on the original effective date. The new standard was effective for the Company on April 1
 2018. We analyzed the expected impact that the new guidance will have on our policies
 processes
 controls
 and disclosures. This assessment required
 among other things
 a review of the contracts we have with our customers. The majority&nbsp;of our revenue is earned pursuant to agreements under which we have performance obligations
 which are satisfied at a point-in-time
 and the timing of revenue recognition will be similar under the new standard as control of the goods transfers to our customers at the same point-in-time that the risks and rewards of&nbsp;ownership transferred historically.&nbsp; &nbsp;However
 based on our analysis
 we do expect that this ASU will have a material effect on our historically reported Consolidated Financial Statements as well as our existing processes to recognize revenue
 primarily as a result of the Company&rsquo;s Green Giant contract. As discussed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 this contract did not meet all the requirements for bill and hold revenue recognition treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13.&nbsp; However
 under the new revenue recognition standard
 this contract will quality for bill and hold accounting treatment as the Company has concluded that control of the unlabeled products transfers to the customer at the time title transfers and the customer has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery)
 which will result in earlier revenue recognition.&nbsp; Additionally
 labeling and storage services that are provided after control of the goods has transferred to the customer will be accounted for as separate performance obligations for which revenue will be deferred until the services are performed. &nbsp;For the fiscal year ended in 2018
 as a result of the adoption of the new standard
 revenue would have&nbsp;increased by approximately $14.0 million
 net loss&nbsp;would have&nbsp;decreased by approximately $5.3&nbsp;million
 and stockholders&rsquo; equity as of March 31
 2018 would have&nbsp;increased by $14.4&nbsp;million. Beginning in fiscal 2019
 our disclosures will change as appropriate to comply with the new guidance. The guidance allows for both retrospective and modified retrospective methods of adoption. We will apply the full retrospective method of adoption.










 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02
 The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&ldquo;ROU&rdquo;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018 (beginning fiscal 2020)
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. While we are still evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements
 we expect that upon adoption we will recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities and that the amounts could be material.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-01&nbsp;(&quot;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&quot;)
with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&nbsp;is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2017 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted for transactions which occur before the issuance or effective date of the amendments
 only when the transaction has not been reported in the financial statements that have been issued or made available for issuance.&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&nbsp;is to be applied on a prospective basis. The Company does not expect the adoption of&nbsp;ASU&nbsp;2017-01&nbsp;to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-02
 This amendment is intended to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting only from the December 2017 enacted United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) and is not intended to impact underlying accounting guidance that requires that the effect of a change in tax laws or tax rates be included in income from operations. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 31
 2018 with earlier adoption permitted. The Company has early adopted this update in its fourth quarter ended March 31
 2018 resulting in a $2.4 million reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss and a corresponding $2.4 million increase to retained earnings. This reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss relates to the deferred income tax stranded tax effects resulting from the change in the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate under the TCJA.&nbsp; The pension and post-retirement benefits adjustment is the Company&rsquo;s only component of accumulated other comprehensive loss.


 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update2017-07
 
 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
 only the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost will be eligible for capitalization. ASU 2017-07 will be effective for the Company&nbsp;on April&nbsp;1
 2018. The change in presentation of service cost must be applied retrospectively
 while the capitalization of service cost must be applied on a prospective basis. We do not anticipate that the adoption of this ASU will have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures.

















 2018
 the Company concluded that it did not meet all of the criteria for bill and hold treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 13 for the Green Giant contract. In particular
 the Company determined that performance obligations were not complete at the time title transferred to the customer as the unlabeled products under this contract were not ready for shipment. The Company has determined that the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended March 31
 2016 and 2017 and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the interim periods within the years ended March 31
 2017 and 2018 should be restated to correct these inadvertent errors in the application of generally accepted accounting principles dealing with complex and technical accounting issues relating to &ldquo;bill and hold&rdquo; revenue recognition.&nbsp;


 investing activities and financing activities.&nbsp; The impact from the restatements within the operating activities section of the cash flow statement are illustrated in the balance sheet adjustments below.





			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017 (Audited)

			
			


 2016 (Audited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			

245

			
			
			


			
			
			

262

			
			
			

275

			
			
			


			
			
			

279

			



			

			
			

139

			
			
			


			
			
			

150

			
			
			

127

			
			
			


			
			
			

128

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			















			
			

			

			


			
			


 2016 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2016 (Unaudited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2016 (Unaudited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			










			
			

			

			


			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

072

			
			
			


			
			
			

134

			
			
			

209

			
			
			


			
			
			

271

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

072

			
			
			


			
			
			

134

			
			
			

209

			
			
			


			
			
			

271

			







			
			


 2017 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2017 (Audited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

006

			
			
			


			
			
			

031

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

006

			
			
			


			
			
			

031

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			















			
			


 2016 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2016 (Unaudited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

004

			
			
			


			
			
			

053

			
			
			

148

			
			
			


			
			
			

185

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

004

			
			
			


			
			
			

053

			
			
			

148

			
			
			


			
			
			

185

			







			
			


 2016 (Unaudited)

			
			


 2016 (Audited)

			


			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			










 the Company purchased a 50% equity interest in Truitt Bros. Inc. (&quot;Truitt&quot;) for $16.2 million which was accounted for as an equity investment. The purchase agreement granted the Company the right to acquire the remaining 50% ownership of Truitt in the future under certain conditions at a predetermined price which led to the bargain purchase gain in 2018 as noted below.&nbsp; On April 3
 2017
 the Company purchased the remaining 50% equity interest in Truitt. This was considered a step acquisition
 whereby the Company remeasured the previously held investment to fair value during the first quarter of 2018. As a result
 the Company&rsquo;s 2018 net loss includes a non-taxable bargain purchase gain of $1.8 million of which $0.9 million was related to the remeasurement of the previously held investment. Gross profit in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 included a charge of $0.5 million related to the recognition of the Truitt inventory step-up through cost of sales for the portion of acquired inventory that was sold during the period. The business
 based in Salem
 Oregon
 has two state-of-the-art plants located in Oregon and Kentucky. The purchase price for the more recent 50% was $14.4 million (net of cash acquired of $3.0 million) plus the assumption of certain liabilities. The Company had an equity method investment of $17.4 million
 so the total investment was $34.9 million. In conjunction with the transaction closing
 the Company paid off $3.6 million of liabilities acquired. The rationale for the acquisition was twofold: (1) the business is a complementary fit with our existing business and (2) Truitt is known for its industry innovation related to packing shelf stable foods in trays
 pouches and bowls. This acquisition was financed with proceeds from the Company&#39;s revolving credit facility. The purchase price to acquire Truitt Bros.
 Inc. was allocated based on the internally developed fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the independent valuation of inventory
 intangibles
 and property
 plant
 and equipment. The total purchase price of $31.8 million has been allocated as follows (in thousands):





			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			




 plant and equipment

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			


















 2016
 the Company completed the closing of a new five-year revolving credit facility (&ldquo;Revolver&rdquo;). Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total $400.0 million from April through July and $500.0 million from August through March and are available until July 5
 2021.&nbsp; The Revolver balance as of March 31
 2018 was $293.5 million
 with a weighted average interest rate of 3.35% (LIBOR plus a spread) and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Revolver is secured by accounts receivable and inventories with a carrying value of $759.6 million. The Company had $10.4 million and $13.1 million of outstanding standby letters of credit as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 which reduces borrowing availability under the Revolver. See Note 5
 Long-Term Debt
 for additional comments related to the Revolver.


 the Company entered into some interim lease notes which financed down payments for various equipment orders at market rates. As of March 31
 2017
 these interim notes had not been converted into operating leases since the equipment was not yet delivered. These notes
 which total $0.2 million as of March 31
 2017
 are included in notes payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of March 31
 2018 the notes were converted into operating leases.






		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

 due through 2022

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

 due 2022

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

 due 2033

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

 due through 2022

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

 due through 2020

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

 due through 2020

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

 due through 2021

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 Short-Term Borrowings
 for discussion of the Revolver.










 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&rsquo;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&rsquo;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&rsquo;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&rsquo;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&rsquo;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum interest coverage ratio and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the interest coverage ratio within the Farm Credit term loan which for 2018 was defined as greater than 4 to 1. However
 this covenant was updated in connection with an amendment on June 18
 2018.&nbsp; The interest coverage ratio will be&nbsp;1.1 to 1.0 through December 31
 2018
&nbsp;&nbsp;2.0 to 1.0 from March 31
 2019
 through September 30
 2019 and 4.0 to 1.0
 thereafter. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met or has received a waiver/amendment for all such financial covenants as of March 31
 2018.


000
 less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock.


 2016
 the Company paid off four industrial revenue bonds (&quot;IRBs&quot;)
 totaling $22.6&nbsp;million.


 2016
 the Company entered into a $100.0 million unsecured term loan payable to Farm Credit East
 ACA
 with a variable interest rate. The maturity date for this term loan is of December 9
 2021. The Company incurred financing costs totaling $0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt.


 2017. At March 31
 2018
 the total outstanding of this bond is $10.0 million. The bond has a variable interest rate with a maturity date of October 1
 2032.


 including the Revolver
 is $900.3 million.







			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			


















 2018 and $40.9 million as of March 31
 2017. The leases consist of a building lease&nbsp;expiring&nbsp;in 2030 with&nbsp;an interest rate of 5.15% and&nbsp;several&nbsp;equipment leases all with 7 year terms and&nbsp;various interest rates between 3.37% and 4.21%.






			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			








 by year
 of minimum operating and capital lease payments due as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 (in thousands):






			

			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			





 2017 and 2016 was $47.0 million
 $48.3 million and $51.4 million
 respectively.













		

			


		
			

		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 there are three major contributors. The change in valuation allowance related to state credits accounts for a 9.9% decrease. There are certain California state income tax credit carryovers that will likely not be realized given the closure of the Modesto plant. The change in income tax rate resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act accounts for 4.9% of this decrease. These two items were partially offset by the change in federal and state credits and incentives which accounts for an 8.8% increase. The dollar amount of these credits and incentives did not change significantly from 2017 to 2018.&nbsp; However
 because income was reported in 2017 and a loss was reported in 2018
 the credits and incentives have an inverse impact on the tax rate in 2018 compared to 2017.&nbsp;


 2017
 the President of the United States signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax reform legislation. This legislation makes significant change in U.S. tax law including a reduction in the corporate tax rates
 changes to net operating loss carryforwards and carrybacks
 and a repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax. The legislation reduced the U.S. corporate tax rate from the current rate of 35.0% to 31.5% for Fiscal 2018 and then down to 21% starting in Fiscal 2019. As a result of the enacted law
 the Company was required to revalue deferred tax assets and liabilities at the rate in effect during their scheduled reversal. This revaluation resulted in a benefit of $1.4&nbsp;million to income tax expense and a corresponding reduction in the net deferred tax liability as of March 31
 2018.&nbsp; The other provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act did not have a material impact on the fiscal 2018 consolidated financial statements.














			
			

			

			
			

			

			

		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			






 2018 and&nbsp;$1.4&nbsp;million as of March&nbsp;31
 2017 are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


 net of Federal impact)
 $1.3 million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 and $2.2 million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 which are available to reduce future taxes payable in each respective state through 2033 (Wisconsin)
 through 2033 (New York)
 and through 2028 (California). The Company has performed the required assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets and at March&nbsp;31
 2018
 the Company has recorded a valuation allowance amounting to $3.9 million
 which relates primarily to tax credit carryforwards which management has concluded it is more likely than not they will not be realized in the ordinary course of operations. Although realization is not assured
 management has concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced if actual future income or income taxes rates are lower than estimated or if there are differences in the timing or amount of future reversals of existing taxable or deductible temporary differences.










 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company classifies the liability for uncertain tax positions in other accrued expenses or other long-term liabilities depending on their expected settlement. The change in the liability for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017 consists of the following:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 2018 nor 2017 include tax positions that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties
 the disallowance of these positions would not impact the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the tax authority to an earlier period.


 2018 and 2017
 the Company recognized approximately $0.0 million decrease and $0.1 million decrease
 respectively
 in interest and penalties. As of March&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had approximately $0.1 million and $0.1 million
 respectively
 of interest and penalties accrued associated with unrecognized tax benefits.


 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 thus having a positive impact on earnings. It is anticipated that audit settlements will be reached during 2019&nbsp;with federal and state taxing authorities that could have an impact on earnings. Due to the uncertainty of amounts and in accordance with its accounting policies
 the Company has not recorded any potential impact of these settlements.


 2014 are subject to examination.






&mdash; The Company has authorized three classes of preferred stock consisting of 200
000 shares of Six Percent (6%) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
 par value $0.25 (&ldquo;6% Preferred&rdquo;); 30
000 shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors
 none of which are currently designated or outstanding; and 8
200
000 shares of Preferred Stock with $.025 par value
 Class&nbsp;A
 to be issued in series by the Board of Directors (&ldquo;Class&nbsp;A Preferred&rdquo;). The Board of Directors has designated four series of Class&nbsp;A Preferred including 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&mdash;Series&nbsp;A (&ldquo;Series&nbsp;A Preferred&rdquo;); 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&mdash;Series&nbsp;B (&ldquo;Series&nbsp;B Preferred&rdquo;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&nbsp;2003.


 Series&nbsp;2003 are convertible at the holders&rsquo; option on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 subject to antidilution adjustments. These series of preferred stock have the right to receive dividends and distributions at a rate equal to the amount of any dividends and distributions declared or made on the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock. No dividends were declared or paid on this preferred stock in fiscal 2018
 2017 or 2016. In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
 shares of these series of preferred stock become authorized but unissued shares of Class&nbsp;A Preferred and may be reissued as part of another series of Class&nbsp;A Preferred. As of March&nbsp;31
 2018
 the Company has an aggregate of 6
761
971 shares of non-designated Class&nbsp;A Preferred authorized for issuance.


529 shares outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 after conversions of 51
722 shares into Class A Common Stock during the year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&nbsp;2003 was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The 967
742 shares issued in that 2003 acquisition were valued at $16.60 per share which represented the then market value of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock into which the preferred shares were immediately convertible. This series has a liquidation preference of $15.50 per share and has 500 shares outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2018.










240 shares of Series&nbsp;A Preferred outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 which are convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and one share of Class&nbsp;B Common stock for every 20 shares of Series&nbsp;A Preferred. There are 400
000 shares of Series&nbsp;B Preferred outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 which are convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and one share of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock for every 30 shares of Series&nbsp;B preferred. There are 200
000 shares of 6% Preferred outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of $20
000 on the Series&nbsp;A and Series&nbsp;B Preferred and $3
000 on the 6% Preferred during each of fiscal 2018
 2017 and 2016.

&mdash; The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and the Class&nbsp;B Common Stock have substantially identical rights with respect to any dividends or distributions of cash or property declared on shares of common stock
 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&rsquo;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
 whereas the holders of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock have voting rights of 1/20th of one vote per share on all matters as to which shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote. During 2018
 there were no shares of Class B Common Stock issued in lieu of cash compensation under the Company&#39;s Profit Sharing Bonus Plan.


695 of both Class&nbsp;A and Class&nbsp;B as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017. Additionally
 there were 38
029 and 89
751 shares of Class&nbsp;A reserved for conversion of the Participating Preferred Stock as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

&mdash; During 2018
 the Company repurchased $4.6 million
 or 150
303 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and $7
000
 or 200 shares of its Class B Common Stock. As of March 31
 2018
 there is a total of $69.6 million
 or 2
409
096 shares
 of repurchased stock. These shares are not considered outstanding. The Company contributed $1.5 million or 41
553 treasury shares for the 401(k) match in 2018 as described in Note 8
 Retirement Plans.

















 2018 and a statement of the unfunded status as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 and 2017:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





 2018. This unfunded status increase was recognized via the actual gain on plan assets and the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $11.7 million after the income tax expense of $3.9 million. The increase in projected benefit obligation was a function of using the full yield curve approach
 a decrease in the discount rate from 4.35% to 4.14% and the change to using an updated mortality table. During 2018
 the Company converted to the 2006 base rates from the RP-2016 mortality study with the Blue Collar adjustment
 with a generational projection of future mortality improvements from 2006 using Scale MP-2017 for calculating the pension obligation in 2018 and the related pension expense in 2019. Effective March 31
 2016
 the Company elected to change the approach used to calculate the service and interest cost components of the net periodic benefit cost for its pension and postretirement benefit plans to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. Historically
 the Company calculated the service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Now the new estimate utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. The change does not affect the measurement of pension and postretirement obligations and is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate
 which is applied prospectively.










 2017 to $212.8 million as of March 31
 2018 due to a gain on plan assets of $6.9 million from a continued recovery in market conditions
 a $2.7 million contribution by the Company and the merger of the Gray Plan of $3.3 million.&nbsp; These increases were partially offset by $8.0 million in benefit payments.&nbsp; The Company made this contribution to maintain its funding status at an acceptable level.




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			







			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			


 net

			


			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2017

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			




 2018

			
			


			





		


 2017
 and 2016:







			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 2018 and $199.2 million at March 31
 2017.
















			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			




			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			








 which are valued at fair market value
 are considered to be level 1
 due to their public active market.















			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			











 including investment income through dividends and equity appreciation
 sufficient to meet the actuarial requirements of the Plan. The Company seeks to accomplish its return objectives by prudently investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities with broad industry representation seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices
 as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The strategy of being fully invested in equities has historically provided greater rates of return over extended periods of time. The Company&rsquo;s gain on plan assets during 2018 was 3.2% as compared to the S&amp;P 500 unaudited gain (excluding dividends) of 11.8%. Plan assets include Company common stock with a fair market value of $15.3 million as of March&nbsp;31
 2018 and $18.4 million as of March&nbsp;31
 2017.




 2019 (in thousands):




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			















			








			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			


			








 $1.9 million
 and $1.8 million in fiscal 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. In fiscal 2018 and 2017
 the matching contribution was entirely treasury stock. This stock portion of the matching contribution is valued at current market value at the time of the contribution to&nbsp;the 401(k) Plan while the treasury stock is valued at cost when purchased.




 International Brotherhood of Teamsters Pension Fund (Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan# 91-6145047/001) (&quot;Teamsters Plan&quot;) under the terms of a collective-bargaining agreement with some of its Modesto
 California employees. The term of the current collective bargaining agreement is June 1
 2015 through June 30
 2018.


 2018
 2017 and 2016
 contributions to the Teamsters Plan were $2.6 million
 $2.3 million and $2.5 million
 respectively. The contributions to this plan are paid monthly based upon the number of hours worked by covered employees. They represent less than 5% of the total contributions received by this plan during the most recent plan year.


 (b) if a participating employer stops contributing to the multi-employer plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers and (c) if the Company chooses to stop participating in the plan
 the Company may be required to pay a withdrawal liability based on the underfunded status of the plan.


 2017. The zone status is based on information the Company received from the plan and is certified by the plan&rsquo;s actuary. Among other factors
 plans in the green zone are at least 80 percent funded.


 the Company was in the process of exiting this Plan. See Note 14
 Plant Restructuring for details.















			



			



			







			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			




 including current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 including current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value
 which is Level 2.








 2007 (beginning of 4th quarter of Fiscal Year 2008)
 the Company changed its inventory valuation method from the lower of cost
 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
 the Company believed that the LIFO inventory method was preferable over the FIFO method because it better compares the cost of current production to current revenue. The effect of LIFO was to reduce net earnings by $11.2 million in 2018; to increase net earnings by $6.6 million in 2017
 and increase net earnings by $18.0 million in 2016
 compared to what would have been reported using the FIFO inventory method. The reduction in earnings per share was $1.15 ($1.15 diluted) in 2018; increase earnings per share $0.67 ($0.67 diluted) in 2017
 and increase earnings per share was $1.81 ($1.79 diluted) in 2016. There was no LIFO liquidations during the three-year period ended March 31
 2018. The inventories by category and the impact of using the LIFO method are shown in the following table:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


















 a gain on the sale of a plant of $1.1 million and a gain on the partial sale of a plant of $0.4 million. The Company also recorded a gain of $0.4 million on the sale of fixed assets.


 there was a charge for an impairment of a long-term asset of $1.1 million. The Company also recorded a loss of $0.2 million on the sale of fixed assets.









 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products
 third
 the sale of snack products and finally
 other products. The prepared foods segment is new and resulted from the acquisition of Truitt Bros.
 Inc. The Company markets its product almost entirely in the United States. Export sales represented 6.9%
 7.6%
 and 8.5% of total sales in 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. In 2018
 2017
 and 2016
 the sale of Green Giant vegetables accounted for 9%
 11%
 and 12% of net sales
 respectively. &ldquo;Other&rdquo; in the table below represents activity related to can sales
 trucking
 seed sales
 and flight operations.&nbsp; Segments are identified based the products produced
 size and some other minor factors.&nbsp; Operating income is a measure used regularly by the chief operating decision maker.




			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

194

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

314

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

013

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

070

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

226

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

262

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

243

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

279

			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 net

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			













 consisting of Green Giant
 canned fruit and vegetables and frozen products
 represented 95%
 99% and 99% of assets and 112%
 97% and 100% of pre-tax earnings (loss)&nbsp;in 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.





			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			


			


		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

314

			
			
			

262

			
			
			

279

			







			











 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&rsquo; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but not limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does not believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.















 the Company recorded a total restructuring charge of $10.0 million mostly related to the closing of the Modesto plant in the West ($5.4 million related to operating lease costs and $4.1 million related to a pension termination cost)
 of which $0.7 million was related to severance cost ($0.6 million related to Modesto) and the balance for a plant in the Midwest and Northwest. In addition
 there was a true-up credit mostly related to long-lived asset charges (fixed asset impairment) of a credit of $0.4 million and other costs for various equipment transfers of a charge of $0.1 million.


 the Company increased the costs related to the closing of the plant in the Northwest
 started in 2016
 by $0.5 million
 mostly related to operating equipment moving costs.&nbsp;In addition
 in 2017 the Company incurred $1.3 million related to severance costs for a plant in the West.


 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $10.4&nbsp;million related to the closing of a plant in the Northwest of which $0.2 million was related to severance cost
 $5.1 million was related to asset impairments
 and $5.1 million was related to other costs ($3.6 related to operating lease costs). During 2016
 the Company reduced the costs of the plant closing in the Midwest
 started in 2015
 by $0.1 million
 mostly related to severance costs.




 2017 and 2018:&nbsp;




			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2015

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 2016

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 2017

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			










 2017 and 2016) of vegetables supplied to the Company&rsquo;s New York packaging plants are grown by a director of Seneca Foods Corporation
 which supplied the Company approximately $1.4 million
 $1.0 million
 and $1.0 million pursuant to a raw vegetable grower contract in fiscal 2018
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&nbsp; The Chairman of the Audit Committee reviewed the relationship and determined that the contract was negotiated at arm&#39;s length and on no more favorable terms than to other growers in the marketplace.


 2018
 2017 and 2016
 the Company made charitable contributions to a related party foundation in the amount of approximately $0.4 million
 $1.3 million and $2.3 million
 respectively. The Foundation is a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions. This Foundation is managed by current employees of the Company.








 the employees of Rochester
 Minnesota plant operations and the Marion
 New York Can Plant were informed that we will cease operations at the facilities upon completion of the 2018 pack season.&nbsp; In Rochester
 this decision does not impact the frozen re-packaging operation.&nbsp; &nbsp;The Company is currently evaluating the financial impact of these decisions.


 Inc.&nbsp; The completion of the sale of inventory happened on June 29
 2018 and resulted in a cash inflow of approximately $55.8 million.















 New York




 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of net (loss) earnings and comprehensive (loss) income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;consolidated financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company and subsidiaries at March 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31




 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
 the Company&#39;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2018
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) and our report dated June 29
 2018 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.


 the 2017 and 2016 financial statements have been restated to correct a misstatement.






 whether due to error or fraud.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.



 LLP





 Wisconsin

 2018











 New York




 2018
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the &ldquo;COSO criteria&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the Company did not maintain
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2018
 based on the COSO criteria




 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company and subsidiaries as of March 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of net (loss) earnings
 comprehensive (loss) income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended March 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as &ldquo;the financial statements&rdquo;) and our report dated June 29
 2018
 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.




 included in the accompanying Item 9A
 Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness regarding management&rsquo;s failure to design and maintain controls over bill and hold revenue recognition has been identified and described in management&rsquo;s assessment. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature
 timing
 and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2018 financial statements
 and this report does not affect our report dated June 29
 2018 on those financial statements.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




 LLP


 Wisconsin


 2018











 respectively. The high and low closing prices of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during each quarter of the past two years are shown below:




			

			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







			

			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







 five year total return for the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock compared with the NASDAQ Market Total U.S. Return Index (which includes the Company) and a peer group of companies (described below).


 2013
 in the Company&rsquo;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 the NASDAQ Market
 and the peer group. The data assumes the reinvestment of all cash dividends and the cash value of other distributions. Stock price performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. The companies in the peer group are B&amp;G Foods Inc.
 Fresh Del Monte
 Hanover Foods Corporation
 John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son Inc.
 Treehouse Foods
 Inc. and Hain Celestial Group Inc. The peer group members are in related food businesses
 but not necessarily direct competitors in canning.






















 2018
 the most restrictive credit agreement limitation on the Company&rsquo;s payment of dividends
 to holders of Class&nbsp;A or Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is an annual total limitation of $50
000
 reduced by aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock. Payment of dividends to common stockholders is made at the discretion of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors and depends
 among other factors
 on earnings; capital requirements; and the operating and financial condition of the Company. The Company has not declared or paid a common dividend in many years.







			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			


 except per share data)

			

		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2017:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			





 interim costing must be estimated. During the fourth quarter of 2018
 the Company incurred $9.9 million of restructuring charges. See Note 15
 Plant Restructuring
 for details.















	
	








 directly or indirectly:



		

			


			


		
			
			

		


 Inc.
			Gray &amp; Company
			


			
			Oregon
			Oregon


		


 Inc.


			


		

			


			


		


 LLC


			


		


 LP


			


		


 Inc.
			


			
			Oregon


		


&nbsp;LLC


			


		

			


			
















	
	












Seneca Foods Corporation

 New York


 333-145916 and 333-166846) of Seneca Foods Corporation of our reports dated June 29
 2018
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
 and the effectiveness of Seneca Foods Corporation&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting
 which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated June 29
 2018 relating to the financial statement schedule which appears in this Form 10-K. &nbsp;Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2018.



 LLP


 Wisconsin

 2018













	
	







 Kraig H. Kayser
 certify that:



			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






			

			

			

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






			

			

			

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;






			

			

			

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






			

			

			

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and






			

			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






			

			

			

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






			

			

			

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.






		


 2018


			


		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			

			
			
















	
	








 Timothy J. Benjamin
 certify that:



			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






			

			

			

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






			

			

			

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;






			

			

			

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






			

			

			

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and






			

			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






			

			

			

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






			

			

			

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.






		


 2018


			


		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			

			

 Chief Financial Officer
			
















	
	






18. U.S.C. SECTION 1350






 2018 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &quot;Report&quot;)
 we
 Kraig H. Kayser
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Timothy J. Benjamin
 Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to our knowledge:


		

			


			





		

			



 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.





		
			

			


		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			

			
			

 2018






		
			

			


		
			
			

		
			
			

		
			


 Chief Financial Officer
			

 2018


















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






























  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  













 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company concluded that it did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; meet all of the criteria for bill and hold treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; for the Green Giant contract. In particular
 the Company determined that performance obligations were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; complete at the time title transferred to the customer as the unlabeled products under this contract were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; ready for shipment. The Company has determined that the audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2016 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as of and for each of the interim periods within the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31




245


262

275


279

139


150

127


128









































































































































































072


134

209


271























072


134

209


271















006


031


























006


031


















004


053

148


185























004


053

148


185

















































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  





  





  




 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.0&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;the Company purchased a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; equity interest in Truitt Bros. Inc. (Truitt) for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$16.2&lt;/div&gt; million which was accounted for as an equity investment. The purchase agreement granted the Company the right to acquire the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; ownership of Truitt in the future under certain conditions at a predetermined price which led to the bargain purchase gain in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; as noted below.&amp;nbsp; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 3
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company purchased the remaining &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; equity interest in Truitt. This was considered a step acquisition
 whereby the Company remeasured the previously held investment to fair value during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; As a result
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; net loss includes a non-taxable bargain purchase gain of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.9&lt;/div&gt; million was related to the remeasurement of the previously held investment. Gross profit in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter of fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; included a charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; million related to the recognition of the Truitt inventory step-up through cost of sales for the portion of acquired inventory that was sold during the period. The business
 based in Salem
 Oregon
 has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; state-of-the-art plants located in Oregon and Kentucky. The purchase price for the more recent &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50%&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.4&lt;/div&gt; million (net of cash acquired of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.0&lt;/div&gt; million) plus the assumption of certain liabilities. The Company had an equity method investment of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$17.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 so the total investment was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$34.9&lt;/div&gt; million. In conjunction with the transaction closing
 the Company paid off &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.6&lt;/div&gt; million of liabilities acquired. The rationale for the acquisition was twofold: (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) the business is a complementary fit with our existing business and (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) Truitt is known for its industry innovation related to packing shelf stable foods in trays
 pouches and bowls. This acquisition was financed with proceeds from the Company's revolving credit facility. The purchase price to acquire Truitt Bros.
 Inc. was allocated based on the internally developed fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the independent valuation of inventory
 intangibles
 and property
 plant


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales in each of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;ten&lt;/div&gt; customers
 including B &amp;amp; G Foods&amp;nbsp;(and GMOL prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 2015)
 &lt;/div&gt;represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45%
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 profits

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company completed the closing of a new &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt;-year revolving credit facility (&amp;#x201c;Revolver&amp;#x201d;). Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$400.0&lt;/div&gt; million from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$500.0&lt;/div&gt; million from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March &lt;/div&gt;and are available until &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July 5
 2021.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;The Revolver balance as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$293.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 with a weighted average interest rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.35%&lt;/div&gt; (LIBOR plus a spread) and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Revolver is secured by accounts receivable and inventories with a carrying value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$759.6&lt;/div&gt; million. The Company had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.4&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13.1&lt;/div&gt; million of outstanding standby letters of credit as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; respectively
 which reduces borrowing availability under the Revolver. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5
&lt;/div&gt; Long-Term Debt

&lt;/div&gt; the Company entered into some interim lease notes which financed down payments for various equipment orders at market rates. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;these interim notes had &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; been converted into operating leases since the equipment was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; yet delivered. These notes
 which total &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;are included in notes payable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31

  
  
  

 which is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  

 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$31.1&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$24.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$21.4&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; machinery and equipment &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; computer software &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; vehicles &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; and land improvements &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years. The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million of impairment losses in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; included in Plant Restructuring (see Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  





  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






















 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value


 accounts receivable
 short-term debt (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10
&lt;/div&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  













 there are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; major contributors. The change in valuation allowance related to state credits accounts for a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9.9%&lt;/div&gt; decrease. There are certain California state income tax credit carryovers that will likely &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized given the closure of the Modesto plant. The change in income tax rate resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act accounts for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.9%&lt;/div&gt; of this decrease. These &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; items were partially offset by the change in federal and state credits and incentives which accounts for an &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8.8%&lt;/div&gt; increase. The dollar amount of these credits and incentives did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; change significantly from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; However
 because income was reported in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and a loss was reported in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

 2017
 &lt;/div&gt;the President of the United States signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act tax reform legislation. This legislation makes significant change in U.S. tax law including a reduction in the corporate tax rates
 changes to net operating loss carryforwards and carrybacks
 and a repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax. The legislation reduced the U.S. corporate tax rate from the current rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35.0%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31.5%&lt;/div&gt; for Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and then down to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21%&lt;/div&gt; starting in Fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; As a result of the enacted law
 the Company was required to revalue deferred tax assets and liabilities at the rate in effect during their scheduled reversal. This revaluation resulted in a benefit of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million to income tax expense and a corresponding reduction in the net deferred tax liability as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31

























&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31

 net of Federal impact)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt; million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 which are available to reduce future taxes payable in each respective state through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2033&lt;/div&gt; (Wisconsin)
 through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2033&lt;/div&gt; (New York)
 and through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2028&lt;/div&gt; (California). The Company has performed the required assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets and at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company has recorded a valuation allowance amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 which relates primarily to tax credit carryforwards which management has concluded it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; they will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized in the ordinary course of operations. Although realization is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; assured
 management has concluded that it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company classifies the liability for uncertain tax positions in other accrued expenses or other long-term liabilities depending on their expected settlement. The change in the liability for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31


&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; nor &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; include tax positions that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.0&lt;/div&gt; million decrease and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million decrease
 respectively
 in interest and penalties. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; the Company had approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million
 respectively

 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 thus having a positive impact on earnings. It is anticipated that audit settlements will be reached during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;with federal and state taxing authorities that could have an impact on earnings. Due to the uncertainty of amounts and in accordance with its accounting policies


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&amp;#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; (beginning of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4th&lt;/div&gt; quarter of Fiscal Year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2008&lt;/div&gt;)
 the Company changed its inventory valuation method from the lower of cost
 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
 the Company believed that the LIFO inventory method was preferable over the FIFO method because it better compares the cost of current production to current revenue. The effect of LIFO was to reduce net earnings by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$11.2&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018;&lt;/div&gt; to increase net earnings by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.6&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and increase net earnings by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$18.0&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; compared to what would have been reported using the FIFO inventory method. The reduction in earnings per share was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.15&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.15&lt;/div&gt; diluted) in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018;&lt;/div&gt; increase earnings per share &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.67&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.67&lt;/div&gt; diluted) in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and increase earnings per share was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.81&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.79&lt;/div&gt; diluted) in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; There was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; LIFO liquidations during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt;-year period ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31













  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2018 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$40.9&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31











 by year
 of minimum operating and capital lease payments due as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31



















&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$47.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$48.3&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$51.4&lt;/div&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

























&lt;/div&gt; Short-Term Borrowings

 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&amp;#x2019;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&amp;#x2019;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum interest coverage ratio and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the interest coverage ratio within the Farm Credit term loan which for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; was defined as greater than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.&lt;/div&gt; However
 this covenant was updated in connection with an amendment on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 18
 2018.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;The interest coverage ratio will be&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.1&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt; through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 31
 2018
&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.0&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt; from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September 30
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.0&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.0
&lt;/div&gt; thereafter. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met or has received a waiver/amendment for all such financial covenants as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31

000
&lt;/div&gt; less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$23

 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company paid off &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;four&lt;/div&gt; industrial revenue bonds (IRBs)

 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$100.0&lt;/div&gt; million unsecured term loan payable to Farm Credit East
 ACA
 with a variable interest rate. The maturity date for this term loan is of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 9

 2017. &lt;/div&gt;At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the total outstanding of this bond is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.0&lt;/div&gt; million. The bond has a variable interest rate with a maturity date of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October 1

 including the Revolver







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  





  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue&amp;nbsp;to be collected and to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of goods or services. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB deferred the effective date by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year while providing the option to early adopt the standard on the original effective date. The new standard was effective for the Company on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 1
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;We analyzed the expected impact that the new guidance will have on our policies
 processes
 controls
 and disclosures. This assessment required
 among other things
 a review of the contracts we have with our customers. The majority&amp;nbsp;of our revenue is earned pursuant to agreements under which we have performance obligations
 which are satisfied at a point-in-time
 and the timing of revenue recognition will be similar under the new standard as control of the goods transfers to our customers at the same point-in-time that the risks and rewards of&amp;nbsp;ownership transferred historically.&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;However
 based on our analysis
 we do expect that this ASU will have a material effect on our historically reported Consolidated Financial Statements as well as our existing processes to recognize revenue
 primarily as a result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Green Giant contract. As discussed in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 this contract did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; meet all the requirements for bill and hold revenue recognition treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; However
 under the new revenue recognition standard
 this contract will quality for bill and hold accounting treatment as the Company has concluded that control of the unlabeled products transfers to the customer at the time title transfers and the customer has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery)
 which will result in earlier revenue recognition.&amp;nbsp; Additionally
 labeling and storage services that are provided after control of the goods has transferred to the customer will be accounted for as separate performance obligations for which revenue will be deferred until the services are performed. &amp;nbsp;For the fiscal year ended in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; as a result of the adoption of the new standard
 revenue would have&amp;nbsp;increased by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 net loss&amp;nbsp;would have&amp;nbsp;decreased by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.3&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million
 and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;would have&amp;nbsp;increased by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.4&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million. Beginning in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases.&lt;/div&gt; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#x201c;ROU&amp;#x201d;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018 (&lt;/div&gt;beginning fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;)
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. While we are still evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;(ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt;)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Business Combinations (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;805&lt;/div&gt;): Clarifying the Definition of a Business&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.&amp;nbsp;ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted for transactions which occur before the issuance or effective date of the amendments

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Income Statement &amp;#x2013; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;220&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&lt;/div&gt; This amendment is intended to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting only from the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 2017 &lt;/div&gt;enacted United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) and is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; intended to impact underlying accounting guidance that requires that the effect of a change in tax laws or tax rates be included in income from operations. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 31
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;with earlier adoption permitted. The Company has early adopted this update in its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;Update2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;07
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Retirement Benefits (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;715&lt;/div&gt;) Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&lt;/div&gt;
 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
 only the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost will be eligible for capitalization. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;07&lt;/div&gt; will be effective for the Company&amp;nbsp;on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; The change in presentation of service cost must be applied retrospectively

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  





  





  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and a statement of the unfunded status as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31



























 2018. &lt;/div&gt;This unfunded status increase was recognized via the actual gain on plan assets and the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$11.7&lt;/div&gt; million after the income tax expense of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.9&lt;/div&gt; million. The increase in projected benefit obligation was a function of using the full yield curve approach
 a decrease in the discount rate from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.35%&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.14%&lt;/div&gt; and the change to using an updated mortality table. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company converted to the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2006&lt;/div&gt; base rates from the RP-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; mortality study with the Blue Collar adjustment
 with a generational projection of future mortality improvements from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2006&lt;/div&gt; using Scale MP-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; for calculating the pension obligation in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and the related pension expense in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; Effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company elected to change the approach used to calculate the service and interest cost components of the net periodic benefit cost for its pension and postretirement benefit plans to provide a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. Historically
 the Company calculated the service and interest cost components utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. Now the new estimate utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows. The change does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; affect the measurement of pension and postretirement obligations and is accounted for as a change in accounting estimate

 2017 &lt;/div&gt;to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$212.8&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;due to a gain on plan assets of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6.9&lt;/div&gt; million from a continued recovery in market conditions













&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017















&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$199.2&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31


 which are valued at fair market value
 are considered to be level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1

























 including investment income through dividends and equity appreciation
 sufficient to meet the actuarial requirements of the Plan. The Company seeks to accomplish its return objectives by prudently investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities with broad industry representation seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices
 as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The strategy of being fully invested in equities has historically provided greater rates of return over extended periods of time. The Company&amp;#x2019;s gain on plan assets during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.2%&lt;/div&gt; as compared to the S&amp;amp;P &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt; unaudited gain (excluding dividends) of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11.8%.&lt;/div&gt; Plan assets include Company common stock with a fair market value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$15.3&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$18.4&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31








 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. In fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

 International Brotherhood of Teamsters Pension Fund (Western Conference of Teamsters Pension Plan# &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;91&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6145047/001&lt;/div&gt;) (Teamsters Plan) under the terms of a collective-bargaining agreement with some of its Modesto
 California employees. The term of the current collective bargaining agreement is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 1
 2015 &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 30

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; contributions to the Teamsters Plan were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.3&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.5&lt;/div&gt; million

 (b) if a participating employer stops contributing to the multi-employer plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be borne by the remaining participating employers and (c) if the Company chooses to stop participating in the plan

 2017. &lt;/div&gt;The zone status is based on information the Company received from the plan and is certified by the plan&amp;#x2019;s actuary. Among other factors

&lt;/div&gt; the Company was in the process of exiting this Plan. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&amp;nbsp; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
 experience of delinquencies (accounts over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;) of vegetables supplied to the Company&amp;#x2019;s New York packaging plants are grown by a director of Seneca Foods Corporation
 which supplied the Company approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.0&lt;/div&gt; million pursuant to a raw vegetable grower contract in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company made charitable contributions to a related party foundation in the amount of approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.3&lt;/div&gt; million

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; the Company recorded a total restructuring charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.0&lt;/div&gt; million mostly related to the closing of the Modesto plant in the West (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.4&lt;/div&gt; million related to operating lease costs and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.1&lt;/div&gt; million related to a pension termination cost)
 of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.7&lt;/div&gt; million was related to severance cost (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.6&lt;/div&gt; million related to Modesto) and the balance for a plant in the Midwest and Northwest. In addition

&lt;/div&gt; the Company increased the costs related to the closing of the plant in the Northwest
 started in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 mostly related to operating equipment moving costs.&amp;nbsp;In addition

&lt;/div&gt; the Company recorded a restructuring charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$10.4&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million related to the closing of a plant in the Northwest of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million was related to severance cost
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million was related to asset impairments
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million was related to other costs (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3.6&lt;/div&gt; related to operating lease costs). During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the Company reduced the costs of the plant closing in the Midwest
 started in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015
&lt;/div&gt; by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million




























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the sales price is determinable
 collectability is reasonable assured

 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  








































  















































































































































  




















314

262

279




245


262

275


279

139


150

127


128









































































































































































072


134

209


271























072


134

209


271















006


031


























006


031


















004


053

148


185























004


053

148


185










































































































194




314











013




070






226



262


















243



279


















 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products
 third
 the sale of snack products and finally
 other products. The prepared foods segment is new and resulted from the acquisition of Truitt Bros.
 Inc. The Company markets its product almost entirely in the United States. Export sales represented &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6.9%
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.6%
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8.5%&lt;/div&gt; of total sales in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; the sale of Green Giant vegetables accounted for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9%
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11%
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales
 respectively. &amp;#x201c;Other&amp;#x201d; in the table below represents activity related to can sales
 trucking
 seed sales
 and flight operations.&amp;nbsp; Segments are identified based the products produced

194




314











013




070






226



262


















243



279

















 consisting of Green Giant
 canned fruit and vegetables and frozen products
 represented &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;95%
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;99%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;99%&lt;/div&gt; of assets and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;112%
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;97%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;100%&lt;/div&gt; of pre-tax earnings (loss)&amp;nbsp;in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016




















314

262

279

  
  
  

  
  

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$38.0&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$38.3&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016



 profits

 the sales price is determinable
 collectability is reasonable assured

 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales in each of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;ten&lt;/div&gt; customers
 including B &amp;amp; G Foods&amp;nbsp;(and GMOL prior to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November 2015)
 &lt;/div&gt;represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;45%
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however

 accounts receivable
 short-term debt (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10
&lt;/div&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments

 which is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018


 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&amp;#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$38.0&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$38.3&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$2.0&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016

 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&amp;nbsp; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
 experience of delinquencies (accounts over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)





























 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$31.1&lt;/div&gt; million
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$24.2&lt;/div&gt; million
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$21.4&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; machinery and equipment &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; computer software &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; vehicles &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; and land improvements &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years. The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.1&lt;/div&gt; million of impairment losses in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; included in Plant Restructuring (see Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15


 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/div&gt;
 which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue&amp;nbsp;to be collected and to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for the transfer of goods or services. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August 2015
 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB deferred the effective date by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year while providing the option to early adopt the standard on the original effective date. The new standard was effective for the Company on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April 1
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;We analyzed the expected impact that the new guidance will have on our policies
 processes
 controls
 and disclosures. This assessment required
 among other things
 a review of the contracts we have with our customers. The majority&amp;nbsp;of our revenue is earned pursuant to agreements under which we have performance obligations
 which are satisfied at a point-in-time
 and the timing of revenue recognition will be similar under the new standard as control of the goods transfers to our customers at the same point-in-time that the risks and rewards of&amp;nbsp;ownership transferred historically.&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;However
 based on our analysis
 we do expect that this ASU will have a material effect on our historically reported Consolidated Financial Statements as well as our existing processes to recognize revenue
 primarily as a result of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Green Giant contract. As discussed in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; to the Consolidated Financial Statements
 this contract did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; meet all the requirements for bill and hold revenue recognition treatment under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; However
 under the new revenue recognition standard
 this contract will quality for bill and hold accounting treatment as the Company has concluded that control of the unlabeled products transfers to the customer at the time title transfers and the customer has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery)
 which will result in earlier revenue recognition.&amp;nbsp; Additionally
 labeling and storage services that are provided after control of the goods has transferred to the customer will be accounted for as separate performance obligations for which revenue will be deferred until the services are performed. &amp;nbsp;For the fiscal year ended in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; as a result of the adoption of the new standard
 revenue would have&amp;nbsp;increased by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.0&lt;/div&gt; million
 net loss&amp;nbsp;would have&amp;nbsp;decreased by approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$5.3&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million
 and stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;would have&amp;nbsp;increased by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$14.4&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million. Beginning in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2019

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Leases.&lt;/div&gt; The new standard establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#x201c;ROU&amp;#x201d;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; months. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2018 (&lt;/div&gt;beginning fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;)
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for lessees for capital and operating leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available. While we are still evaluating the impact of our pending adoption of the new standard on our consolidated financial statements

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;(ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt;)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Business Combinations (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;805&lt;/div&gt;): Clarifying the Definition of a Business&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses.&amp;nbsp;ASU&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 15
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;and interim periods within those fiscal years
 and early adoption is permitted for transactions which occur before the issuance or effective date of the amendments

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Income Statement &amp;#x2013; Reporting Comprehensive Income (Topic &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;220&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;): Reclassification of Certain Tax Effects from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income.&lt;/div&gt; This amendment is intended to allow a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive loss to retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting only from the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 2017 &lt;/div&gt;enacted United States Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) and is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; intended to impact underlying accounting guidance that requires that the effect of a change in tax laws or tax rates be included in income from operations. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December 31
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;with earlier adoption permitted. The Company has early adopted this update in its &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;fourth&lt;/div&gt; quarter ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;Update2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;07
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2013; Retirement Benefits (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;715&lt;/div&gt;) Improving the Presentation of Net Periodic Pension Cost and Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost&lt;/div&gt;
 which requires the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost to be presented separately from the other components of the net periodic pension cost in the income statement. Additionally
 only the service cost component of the net periodic pension cost will be eligible for capitalization. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;07&lt;/div&gt; will be effective for the Company&amp;nbsp;on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; The change in presentation of service cost must be applied retrospectively

  
  
  
  



  
  
  



  
  
  






  





  





  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Six Percent (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt;) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
 par value &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.25&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x201c;6%&lt;/div&gt; Preferred&amp;#x201d;); &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which are currently designated or outstanding; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8
200
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Preferred Stock with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$.025&lt;/div&gt; par value
 Class&amp;nbsp;A
 to be issued in series by the Board of Directors (&amp;#x201c;Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred&amp;#x201d;). The Board of Directors has designated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;four&lt;/div&gt; series of Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred including &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&amp;#x2014;Series&amp;nbsp;A (&amp;#x201c;Series&amp;nbsp;A Preferred&amp;#x201d;); &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&amp;#x2014;Series&amp;nbsp;B (&amp;#x201c;Series&amp;nbsp;B Preferred&amp;#x201d;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock

 Series&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2003&lt;/div&gt; are convertible at the holders&amp;#x2019; option on a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-for-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; basis into shares of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock
 subject to antidilution adjustments. These series of preferred stock have the right to receive dividends and distributions at a rate equal to the amount of any dividends and distributions declared or made on the Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; dividends were declared or paid on this preferred stock in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
 shares of these series of preferred stock become authorized but unissued shares of Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be reissued as part of another series of Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018
&lt;/div&gt; the Company has an aggregate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6
761

529&lt;/div&gt; shares outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; after conversions of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;51
722&lt;/div&gt; shares into Class A Common Stock during the year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2003&lt;/div&gt; was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;967
742&lt;/div&gt; shares issued in that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2003&lt;/div&gt; acquisition were valued at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$16.60&lt;/div&gt; per share which represented the then market value of the Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock into which the preferred shares were immediately convertible. This series has a liquidation preference of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$15.50&lt;/div&gt; per share and has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt; shares outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31

240&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;A Preferred outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; which are convertible into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;B Common stock for every &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;A Preferred. There are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;B Preferred outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; which are convertible into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;B Common Stock for every &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;B preferred. There are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;200
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt; Preferred outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$20
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; on the Series&amp;nbsp;A and Series&amp;nbsp;B Preferred and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; on the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; Preferred during each of fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&amp;#x2019;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&amp;nbsp;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
 whereas the holders of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock have voting rights of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1/20th&lt;/div&gt; of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; vote per share on all matters as to which shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018

695&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; of both Class&amp;nbsp;A and Class&amp;nbsp;B as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Additionally
 there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;38
029&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;89
751&lt;/div&gt; shares of Class&amp;nbsp;A reserved for conversion of the Participating Preferred Stock as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017

&lt;/div&gt; the Company repurchased &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$4.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;150
303&lt;/div&gt; shares of its Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7
000
&lt;/div&gt; or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;200&lt;/div&gt; shares of its Class B Common Stock. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March 31
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;there is a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$69.6&lt;/div&gt; million
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2
409
096&lt;/div&gt; shares
 of repurchased stock. These shares are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; considered outstanding. The Company contributed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1.5&lt;/div&gt; million or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;41
553&lt;/div&gt; treasury shares for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;401&lt;/div&gt;(k) match in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; as described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8


 &lt;/div&gt;the employees of Rochester
 Minnesota plant operations and the Marion
 New York Can Plant were informed that we will cease operations at the facilities upon completion of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; pack season.&amp;nbsp; In Rochester

 Inc.&amp;nbsp; The completion of the sale of inventory happened on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June 29



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  





  





  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  

  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  


  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  







    


    


    


    




        


        





      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      






































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Consideration Transferred



    


    

 Consideration Transferred
 Including Equity Interest in Acquiree Held Prior to Combination



    


    


    


    


    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)

    


    


    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    

 plant







    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    




    


    
    


    

 Not Separately Reported



    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    

 Step Acquisition
 Equity Interest in Acquiree
 Remeasurement of Inventory





    


    


    



 plant



    

 Gross



    

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets



    
    


    


    
    


    
    






    


    






    
    
    


    




    
    



 plant



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    
    



 accrued expenses



    




    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    










    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    

 Rent Expense



    






    

 Plan Assets
 Amount

    
    



 12-09
 Allowance



    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Plan Assets



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    














    

 Shares



    


    
    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost







    
    






    







 Shares Outstanding



    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    




    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    

 Plan Assets



    


    


    
    


    

 Plan Assets



    




    

 Preferred Stock

    


    

 Plan Assets

    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Value
 Acquired

    


    


    


    


    

 Value









    
    






    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    



 general



    
    






    
    


    


    


    






    


    






    


    


    





 net of interest income of $54
 $18
 and $4



    


    






    
    


    


    



 Plan Assets








 Plan Assets











    


    


    


    


    


    



 Depletion



    







 12-09




 12-09
 Valuation Allowance



    



 12-09



    






    
    








    


    

 LIFO Reserve
 Effect on Income
 Net



    




    




    
    


    






    
    


    


    


    

 Shares







    


    






    












    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    





 Net of Valuation Allowance
 Noncurrent



    


    


    










    




    


    
    


    

 Shares Issued



    
    










    






    


    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    


    
    








    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    

 Plant and Equipment






 Dividend Rate



    


    










    


    


    


    


    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $56 and $50



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



    


    


    


    


    




    










    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    

 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued



    


    



 Credit Risk



    


    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    
    


    

 Continuing Operations



    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    










    

 Gross



    


    

 Gross



    
    


    






    

 Unamortized Discount







    
    




    


    


    
    


    

 Period Increase (Decrease)



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    




    


    

 General Mills Operations



    


    

 General Mills Operations



    
    
    


    
    


    



 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of fixed assets owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement



    




    


    

 Covenant


 often one year



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Change in Federal and State Credits and Incentives

    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    



 12-09



    
    


    


    


    

 before allocation of a valuation allowances







    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    

 Percent



    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Dividends Per Share



    
    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act

    


    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Step Acquisition
 Equity Interest in Acquiree



    


    
    




    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    


    

 Bargain Purchase
 Gain Recognized

    


    
    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    

774
 $10
367
 and $2
179



    
    


    

 Reclassification from AOCI to Retained Earnings

    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    

 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities



    


    
    


    


    


    
    




    






    

 Long-term



    


    






    



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 newgraphseneca1.jpg

# P
!PD.#PT
#@L
# S_

# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]V/BK\8/


MOQ%H_BC0YI9(%O=-N5N(?





MD&(1D$@@GZH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
/O
M/B+P+J7B\:Y_:=]-'<7FA:.FEQ)*]XFHI;B73YD;S([J4V^(\-(D;91?0OV


(
M-)2Q-MHK21'S/L\D0FVRQPQR/<SLJPJ$B !]:!_P4T^#?B/P3K6O0^(-?M;
;1
M(_.WQ&/RBS8'E_Q!_8$^
'Q[UY/'OC+7/AS8_$;PC!X=B\













G^(6B7NO^&&TN

6^-\2%1N/G'Q
_




$?[9W&-K5;EY5GDV3 Q%XX&3<-P8Q_/39_P#@MAX/\:_M
M&?$?X/\ @_X<_&S6?%'PUUZT?Q%KUAX9M;O0O#

?!;XF?MK:QK=EH
M\,?QT\47&I^&)(;Q9'N+9K*2)/.P,QX=SP<XRQ^H!YU^SY_P7P\*Z;^QQ\!]
M<US3?BU\;OB1\:8]:N-)TCP=X!M[36M0MM/O;N*:X?3UOY8(4B6 )A+N1W \
MS:H+JGN_C?\ X+%_3P/^R-X-^+DMEX^OH_B'J T3PWX0M?#DQ\6:OJN]D?3
MH[%RO[^-HY Q9Q%\G$C!DW?$?@#_ ((X_%[P!_P34_9S^''BCX*_!?XO:M\









MR\NKAOBAH?P\F\2^9K?AE=&G@O/(

%]<L&U;6/!_A74)V\70P&U:3RQ!]GK-%



/\ P9<QZBLEE'<?
R #[B_8<_;R\&_M
M[_#[6]8\,Z?XJ\,ZQX3UB?0/$GA?Q5IO]FZ[X<OHL'R;J ,ZC?&R2*R.Z%7Q
MN#K(B?%/[27_  69^('_  3)_:(^-W@'XY6=OXA;4M(_X23X%WFDZ0T?_4F


/ ?C[5O$'@'P=\-_$'Q
W1206/EJ&\H


MB^'WAQM1FATF--[W]R9W@2VB4D(1*ZR!B1L^1]OS)_P59_X)!^.?CC^W-J7Q


CHK
/OA+J][-IEIXVTI[%;V)=S64
MV0\4NW^+9(J,5[@$=Z /AGX,_M ?\%*O?Q
^&/C;Q]\//A/XT^%_P 3-8MK
M?4_/A662/7_  /8W?[T3SS3!(2;:($'][(KL I92ZN/J/4O^L7P[TKP?\


MEWC7XC_#'P'X\^('PJ\_#'X;:O;3ZGXS\)(TGB#QI8V?[L0S0S&2'-S'DD&
M&-%;YF5MHC;%_:A_X)O_ +4ECXB_;+\(_#/PW\,O$G@G]JAAJ4&OZQXAEL;O
M07-D89[4VJQ-YSR8QOO1(RP9RXRH /??C/_ 
%\_AC\'/'?@_PO'\-_CEXR

54Q_L^?\


M

5CU

]O \ENGVKRVAW7*$





JL62-88V9G0N3X!?\$MOVBK?X9?L+^'

%J-:^*4VH:


RF

M6P 
#D\GZFOS7\;_ /!''QM^T%\-/VZO!?B'4=
\
V?[0WC&Q\0^$=3CF%V$

MCQ?X6\.^)O2V&H_$2P@BDE?^QAY[1W$I5$QR/$S&9
 @.4\9_X)V_\%]=1
M^
O_  3KB^+WQ2^&'Q





/$'C_ 

MJNK.;0].NK9+J:.;=Y

M\


MM#&[W*O*D;
PD7;')G+

\

('*2.K1-)XM\*/\ @E?\5O!__!_XW? 6ZT_
MP_#\1O'^I^(;O3HH]15K69;R\\R!I)L84F,#.1Q@NM\*_\ !.3XG:-^TY_P


%-*.J:]XCN0 SQVT&Y5.Q#N9G
M=% P,[F56^1/VY/^#@Q\)_\$P_B)\5?A#X/\<Q?$3PCKL'A#5_#_B7P]Y%]



MG-K;
SRA%#.1A5S@ 'V9^S1^T7\2;3_@ES_PM3QMH_B/Q1\1+'PSJ?B)]'O?


MA^JOB_P!XNU#]E^[\

ME((S7Y#6_P#P1M_:X_:._:?^&E_\2O!/[+OP\_X0+Q9IVO:K\5_ 6G2:=XN\

MKPIK4/AKQ5\1-.\-M-X+\(ZK(P065]?
ZLDBM) '



U[
M[.&-YLMW:



-@D.&5?B?]I[

MK/);LTNYO+6.195#)(R
\OM'_!#_ /8.^(/[ O@?XR:)X\T'P-X?7QA\0;WQ
M1HUKX0N&;2+:TND1A;V\3(CPQ0L#$B

[47M0!\5_M
_\%?/VFC_ 
%#_CY\
M-_7QY_91^#WA;X6:U:V&FQ?%&9]-NM3CG@,G^CLD4IG\LH?,)[?
C'.[C[
ML^)7_!5C2_V/?!?PE\$^--'\7?'#X[^+/EIJ^I:%\(=.M/=*ENOVO5(ED:

_=%==^TO^QS\9/@+^W_ *;^T-^S
'C3P'_PJ<67C#PCXFT1K'Q/
MHEW))Y=K;/:AF1Y+HF

4=O L4K @LLC$?
!3O
MC%_P1;^

M@W$D\

$CRE .N\ _\ !=*_^(__  4MTGPOJ'AWQI\*/A+IOPBU
M+QWXGTCQ[X0ETSQ!82VMQ*1=*$:3S;=K9591 9-Q#+Q(&1???V$_^Q_@;]O
M3QYIOA_2OAU\:O 


\\;[0Z
0Y0D.
;





MS)OD&]D\^*(
+388K,HOV(M'-(9F9GW%1MV %9*WB
M7]C7QO\ L5_\$-OVZ]*\=VVEVM_XTUSQIXPT\65V+E7L+R&(PLY &USY;97G
M''K0!](?LN_\%S?A7^U#\<_ _@6/P9\8O ,WQ1TV;4O!&L^,O_]EZ1XP$
4

)79W2.3=ET1&V@*[%XA)FK_P ' WP+;XP-HITSXF)\/U\3#P:?BP_A
MPKX _M;A?LQU$R;@!*?*
7]W]W=B?!7_@O%\
OC;^T+H_PY@^'/
+[1%&[25<A[]D

M@_4_'_[!'_!&_P/GP/_ &MOV9_B!XL^'/PSTVZ^$M[J]MXR\3V_C&ZUGQ%X
MR-YI]S;)J$LEPGR0Q^8@6V5V(8R, BMM !O?3_@OCX]^


M39.KV4NK&YFCE@:(&!HH4C/+L79V ^Z?6/C'^P9^TI\/CY^TM)\$='^&_C


M=^![71/A[J&H?%;]H2];7;6YFGUZ3P[?SK++=68@DCVSQ01RR,T@=(U7+*>
MA /;O^^?[








M$\.^
Y+S3_ ]WJ=K
TUZL-\\TIM3)G
:3[Q(8=OR((F_;2@ HHHH **** /D
MC_@I1\7]3^'_ 
K?#'X7:IX1^)'QN
7(%66
Q






B%78MN9BW-8/Q._9=



M(&AWNH3:@UGI$&I7
\
MA-&@

M#P]X4TK2?#LMK8^?!]YXT:






M/XD:)/KNF7D?@?7]
3PO%M2:T2[U*\@2QO\ [5;OD26;!4D7:OGHZS#[2KQ_
MX

G6QL)9VM;-9&Y(MX



\:/)L\WR_.12


9-6TSX)^$]0^&GQ8T?


LBBXA9G DC+2(




.S\M_P#@IS^RO\6/'?\ P4 ^
M/OB%;7XNP^ OVA_#&@P^'5\._!*S\;3:O:C38K273YI[QHY-!GBG)?EX3EA*
M65XUKZ0\!_L_:[^R/_P5_P#V;]:\8^ _'WC32IO@3IWP^E\4VWA
ZJ+/7X[Z



9$; R*Y



M\

ML[:-%#D(XV@D*Q(W_A7\




M&S[00!-&21N7/Q;_ 

M/BM\/O#^F^

M6_V0O%GB]?\ @E-I_B[X4^






MO&'[$W[6VA?!_P  _LY^
OCOXBUGPR?%#IX=U)H[BUMUN# Q

MF[QUXZ\:Z#J'P)U'X4ZU/H/C?2/&%W' OA^XC1)-S7#B
&
JX'[Q(W$B2+LP



UWX3:=X*N/$D6E3*UU/9Z)%
1*0GDL4EBB^T-9C'F
YH _:/

CP&(




MBU2S%K-YD=G%&?.&U6

O _P(_9M^*/






BZM9EFM5%C9-]GM

E?0+K27\7WK^


T4B[
MED1AAE([@@D8JKX3\)Z9X#\

M  '0@#Y[_8(^!:_L[?$_P.WAW0_!MMX%^'_P#PEEK=^&--T_3%T[2?*?2K
M
3O:0QJL2H9U?=Y:@&0.3\Q)/TI110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%






M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Y_XK^(





A_JCXT1^
)OA-XBC^'TGAV'QQ)I\RZ%+KPE;3(KPJ1


.C22S:?9.\%O9V]O#+*B22B.TLK56D9$+N'(1%(4

_P#P4T^'


M_9S_ .BU?#?_ 
_\/1OV<_^BU?#?_P=P_\ Q5'_  ]&_9S_ .BU
M?#?_ 
_\/1OV<_^BU?#?_P=P_\ Q5'_  ]&_9S_ .BU?#?_ 





_\/1OV<_^
MBU?#?_P=P_\ Q5;_ 

?V]O@K\:/'%CX9\)_%+P/X@\0ZGYGV/3K'5X9;FZ\

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

X;R(%9]@P


P2



M^]G8F-:$FXI['ME%

MACX6T[Q'KPU87

M:7/K:BOS\E_X+
ZQH/AS1[?2_^F_%S4]%\-:;KOB?4/.G:]Y.K&Z\XB'2K




MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B







A\[)!'477[#_ ('O
MXUCCQ]%\2?^/T_\A:-553G'

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@#Y_\ ^EG_)NOAS_LJOPX_P#4WT*OHOG_P#X*6?\FZ^'/^RJ




MZ15B3RWVJP
63YH52 I!+=!\+/VW/CI%\/\ 2SH_[

MKTL26D=OLP^8L3E
^VJ*^1X?V

M
]]\


M_)PO[*O_ &5*^_\ 4*\4U[U7@O[8'_)PO[*O_94K[_UO%- 'O5%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17/_ !7A
M\47/PRU^/P3-HEMXPDL)ET:;6(Y)-/BNRA$33K&0[1A\%@I!(! Q7Q!\4OVI
M_BY^R_HOQY\/Z;X]NOBM'X)T;P];V/C+7M&T^.3P_P)]7O?L3:9(EA%:V\\


ME\4O%'C.S^*7A/Q?KTGBO6/A/X[N?:ZY/9P6EUJML;PU&WEN$MTC@\\0ZA

2S-@=R223W)J:BB[ *YY?A5X?7XK-XX&FQ_\)4^DC0V
MO_




Y9CRQ/)/6N
MAHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\%_; _Y.%_95_[*E??^H5X
MIKWJO!?VP/\ DX7]E7_LJ5]_ZA7BF@#WJBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#FOC'X+U;XC?GQ%H&A^)K_ 
&Z
MQK-A-9VFNV


CJ5$\22 H73.5W C(!KY[\!?\$T[K0?V4?%'P=USXAS



G;_LU_]C'K7_J/ZA0![S1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

MR6^2[1MMV.%VOM9MK(VUAI2I2J2Y8*[^_\ (J,6W9'J5%?+7P=_X*/^&?VK
MO%ND^$/.O:?H&O





M&9A!O'F&

M'7C+7O\ @IYI7CCP$?\ BZ7PU^$D6L6.DQ77EVOB2W;5Y%OM(EW#!6XC4B)V




M
F)[DHDP; Y3TC]*-7^)OAO0-/L[N_\ $&AV-KJ$8EM9KB^BCCN4(!#(S
 R
MD$'(R

M;;?%CX8W?Q8TWX)^!?4'A_QA:Z=_:^OP7GA#5;C^V+1[S0)]3$?_$OF+R-






MN=



I2V$Q4R0[RGG

M $B&Q
(,GVK]L#_ ).%_95_[*E??^H5XIH ]ZHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH



/BG*?^%67WO7_P E#EI+=M^G_!_R
5:CC\8?MC?&
MM\6/A;X?_73Y.D^JW8U\'H52(R -ST<+T[5]?6=E#IUJD-O#'!#&
)'&H

M]=IND/\ V782#N#&AVGTR5KJM#_X)*_!;PEX:DL]+\



M/@R'Q!X

YO'WP+\0


&^9=8OXE\NJ\U\T@=)2
MUIZ^74^LZ*9;W$=W!'+$Z212*'1T.Y7!Y!![@T^O

0HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BN1^('Q[\%_M7_P$A\4:+I4D?WHIKI?.'_;
9;]*^:M:_P


MPN5XG$)RIQ=M[V=OOV/#S+B+ 8&2A6J*[=K)KFU_N[_A^&J^PZ*R?!6@W?A[
M0EAU#5)]8OI7::XN9%V*SMR1&F2(XQT5





M0_CU(Q^?

9:74+Z*V5?

M=#2
;5^Q6






M;S;+Q+HW[JY20?=


D+=E%W&!PQX^8




M
9KH_LV



/17?WRN_
MNL/_ %;IU?\ ?:U2KY.7+'_P&'+'[TSQ3X??\$]/A+\/721/MOK%RG_ VU



M /H.? 7_ 

MZ#GP%_\ !'JW_P EU[U10!X+_9G[3_\ T'/@+_X(]6_^2Z/[

EU[U10
M!X+_ &9^T_\ ]!SX_\ @CU;_P2Z/[




Z5
MY?W3;Z;$C+]&VY_6C_8(_P \ONC_ /)!^Z7=_A_F?.9_X*QMXXX^'OP5^*WC



8ZU^
MUIX/T6&9Y-0M_ENXK2W\RXBB%V'@BG:52[#:B)* Q?!#*5P20#R'C/\ X*4?

M#








MI%SINA_!G3M+T/4(S#-+XOF0Q.C=GMVPSJ1VV


M9U2BT[
****@04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'S_\


M'AR


MH7\6OB*WE^ _V;O'%UYG





4VB_#7
MP;;30_ZNXDTN*XN$^DL@9_\ QZO4Z*QJYABJFDZC?S=ON)E6F]VQEO;QVDQ

PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **\[^*?[5_P]^#*R+X@\5:7:W$60UK')YUP.VQ
D'ZX


MUX4NM#\3:18ZWI-XNV6UNXA)&WN





MM-X[A\
7.MZ!H[:;J^I&XL7TN*;3F^U_V-/;9D
KQEI&V(0A/T9^P5\0_$WB

2JD!48G@&O
MJNOG_P#X*6?\FZ^'/^RJ_#C_ -3?0J^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MB_ OX=^)/B?J4;&)M2:)K+1[9O5I6&6QUV_)D=&JF/V._CU^U-(LWQB^*7_
M(Z#,=S^&O!:^22IZHT[9QCU/FY!ZBO0_LV4%?$R5-=GK+_P%:_?8V]BU\;M^
M?W'KOQ__ .AOPE_9PFDL]=\56MYKBCY-'TE3?W[MV4I'D1D]O-9 ?6O(H_V

.9]Y;?**

MPJV53OM4J




+^

MXD#?

T8 %PT7G7!QW\Q

M_#6OQ6^



M'Q%IF(-1M67E
F[/R*C)Q=XGQ/9?M&?&

7A
ZNIPR..ZN P[@5T-[90ZE9RV]Q#'<6\Z

M  +_ .E-O)XTC\!_&C07^%?Q 4!5%T2-*U3G&^9B0H)Z!F(]'8U]3JP=0R
MD



M /P4L_Y-U\.?]E5^''_J;Z%7T!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


MB&7;.

@_X&I'

!?ZP!=ZTZ'@[8/D;K]]$/0@]ZZ+X9_






M)*6'4JO^&

MS1;2WTWX??#+3X852V2^;RUC ^7;B?&
8QBK?_  L?]J*'YG^'_P .Y%'5
M4U!PQ_\ (QK!Y3*^E2'_ (''_

MMX%_\&;?_':/^%J_M-KR?AKX&('4#4SD_P#D6E_94_\ GY#_ 
#C_F5_K+1_
MY\UO_!4_\CZ4HKYK_P%R_M)?]$K\)_^#4__ !='_Y?VDO^B5^$_P#P:G_X
MNC^R:G\\/_ X_P8?ZRT/^?57_P54_\ D3Z4HKYK_P%Z_M%+PWPA\/L1U(U

M5\U_\-!_M!0_*_P7TJ1AU9-; 4_H:/\ AH?]H#_HBNF_^#P?_$T?V36_FA_X
M'#_









M'1:GTW_@G19^




MFY1
JOW\GZ?,UA5<5RO5=C'^#F@Z#H?P_L6
M\.WO]K:?J ^W'4VN!<2:I))\S7$DH^^[GDD8 &% 55CJ*S_  [X5T[PE!<1
M:;9PV

WN%%%%2(**** /RT





MT ?3=%%% !1110!\_P#_  4L_P3=?#G_95?AQ_ZF^A5] 5\_P#_  4L_P3
M=?#G_95?AQ_ZF^A5] 4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


MN/\ :8?
WU)-=%?ZC;Z5:M/=3PVT


;^,OVP?ACX#?VEXVT!6


-_BG\
M0O%,G\<<5V+*WD]BGSG'T85UO@W_ ()\?'P2RM;^#;&\F4Y\R_DDNV)]?G8

8OB3_@IM\)](=H]
M-U+5_$MPIVF+2M+F?GV:0(I_ FLH?ML_$#QTVSP7\$?%UXLG
5SJSK8P/^+@

;ZZC^F-Z'\Z3_AB






MM=!TV&SL;6WL[.V4)#!!&(XXE'0*HX ]A5BBBI;;U8XI)604444#BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?G/_ 
%KOVDO$'P4^.OPAT/Q!\4_'?P#^!'B
M*RU:;Q!XY\(:
U[?/K$2QFQL)9EAF:WC=3-(
1DRF
KT!*^\?\$;?C'\0OCW


MNZUZQB2*#7UL-1N+6*]1DHIEBCC9MAVEBS+@$* #ZHHHHH **** /G_ /X*
M6?\ )NOAS_LJOPX_]3?0J^@*^?\ _@I9_P FZ^'/^RJ_#C_U-]KZ H ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBN!^


MO[?QB_:('G?&CXSW]KI,P_?^'/!^;&Q*'[T;R84R+_UT5NE9_CKX?LS_LI
M:!9C39?!]MX@TF[CO6COG.JWFJ-'G$


-WF(3N'S%_3_P#A9O[2OQ _Y!7P]\)^



M5H+R5#ZAYM[ _0UZ19V
.G6ZPV\
5O#&-JI&@55'H *EHKAK8BK5=ZLG+U;?
MYGL8;!8?#KEP].
%_=27Y!1116)U!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!X?XL_X)D_LV^/?%&I:YKG[/?P/UK6M
M8NI+Z_U_P# FEW%U?7$C%Y)I97@+22.Q+,S$EB22237I?PE^#'@_P 7@J#



ML-P_C*JYI1Y5Y_Y*[^](X\=F.#P7^^58TWV;]Y^D5[S^2/T2^+7[0/@CX$:.




MXH^/?BAXX5E^+7Q[\
_G39#\_AKP([7FKIZ1R30YD1NQPY0_2L[X-_[X=Z


I)S^Y/W5\HHQ_!OP]T'X=
M:8+/P_HNDZ):#GR;&T2W0GU(0#)]ZV***\V4G)\TG=GOTZ<814(*R71:(***
M*DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****



HKD?$OQZ\'^$?







NMWS\8^9Y3LR/J^.QK[]G^)


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHKA?B[^T_P##?X VSR^./'W@WPBL:[R-






MSVWB&9]5DOHHMI0W$DY9IGW(K%G))89KMJX?W2?5ZOLM.CZ]=U^/:M3\^?\


MJB


:A

ME4':#D:GC(^*1X@\







$A=+I5PMU-&ML+E%CFS&K!)-RJ!^\5MN,C!
MYKHJ*VEB*LI<\I.]K7N[VM:WI;2W;387*MCYV_:G\.?M/:7\2(?$7P7\2?O


M+&O-Y8-73UMU76^RM?IK=VZKM?0Z*BODOXM_\%./$'[
OQ-U[3_B=^S_ /%;



MBB@ HHHH *\;U+]A?P+K/P\^



MSK_@N:&&VDT#4=+@NM

M^U?L^_#2'=U^QZ4ME_Z)*5]345V8;
L7A_\ =ZLH=?=DUKWT9




3

.
M



)O''[)/[3'A[3=#M7N)[M]'LKBPAP.#-<17#*/<0#(5(4'.#C



MT%SI-O--I



M:&49!PR


1N])OXKV ..
M2N^-F7/(XSGFMR&=+A-T;+(N2




MG745Y[\5_P!FK0?BU^SS-\
Y[_Q1H?A^2RMK.YT36KBPU.VC@,9C\N[1O-#
M?NU!)8EAD-D$Y^=(?^-%KHI']A?M

M2+=:LX.^GNMIKO=/3TM\Q2E);(^S:*\R_9;_ &=]2_9M\&7VCZE\3OB-\4FN

KJUN;VT38J^2CV]OF5+?

@CR6!8FN6I1IJ349IJZ5[-7OU
















-^5







M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\:?&C_ ((1_L^?'?\ ;RT3X^:[X6BDUS3U:?4M


MOZ]290C+XD(BB-0J@*JC  '2EHHKB*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M UK]GI?._9M^/OQ3^$$-NFRV\
!]7\66=],L-[X2M;FUO;(*AB=X9BS).3Y@9%9EP%P<



M_%
JJN]2BQ]F0Y;@LPQBH8


M(_V.O&ND_^#49_'&M00:;IW]GZRFC74(GN8HII8KMG3R)(X'E=75MX*#8&;
M:I]HKE/C9\%/#O[0OPWOOOBJQ:^TF^:*;]W*T
UM/#*LT%Q#*I#Q312HDB2

]S\5-;\5W%MI.J

H26;WMU))<S[+FYN)%
\CLL=S&@;8B*O3W

FO/=6



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH

M*OHOG__ (*6?\FZ^'/^RJ_#C_U-]KZ H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /G__
M (*6?\FZ^'/^RJ_#C_U-]KZ KY__P"EG_)NOAS_LJOPX_]3?0J^@* BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@#Y__PEG_)NOAS_LJOPX_]3?0J^@*^?_\ @I9_R;KX

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH CNKN*
MQMVFFDCABC&6=VJOU)HMKJ.]@66&2.:*095T8


M\OEH JL&  P10!O?\%+/^3=?#G_95?AQ_PIOH5?0%?(O_!67XL^(?7PL\









M5X-_PUM\2/\ HUWXT?\ @[\(?_+NC_AK;XD?]&N_&C_P=^$/_EW0![S17@W_



M 

MLMQ+:07B)DZT V8+F%LKD?
1G((&_P#\-;?$C_HUWXT?^#OPA_\ +N@#WFBO
M!O\ AK;XD?\ 1KOQH_\ !WX0_P#EW1_PUM\2/^C7?C1_X._'_R[H ]YHKP;
M_AK;XD?]&N_&C_P=^$/_ )=T?\-;?$C_ *-=^-'_ (._'_R[H ]YHKP;_AK
M;XD?]&N_&C_P=^$/_EW1_P -;?$C_HUWXT?^#OPA_P#+N@#WFBO!O^&MOB1_

MN_&C_P '?A#_ .7='_#6WQ(_Z-=^-'_@[\(?_+N@#WFBO!O^&MOB1_T:[\:/
M_!WX0_\ EW1_PUM\2/\ HUWXT?\ @[\(?_+N@#WFBO!O^&MOB1_T:[\:/_!W


M#$+%7
5M:1KN1
0*P!]KZK::3XG;^SKZ+3M0:WFAO/LLZI-Y4D
B30R[#G#)
M(L;JV
JRJP((!J^)%+E=R[EP2
\C-?F+\&OASI.E6WP9^)%MH&CP_&_Q%^TI

K+
MA?M:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]UWTV'S+B:&WCSMW2.%7



M42B.*(JP*HR@'VG-?P6UJ9Y)H8X5ZR





BW7QH\._M:'IFB:Y- AU?3

6]9\.?#N^^$O_!5;XU:M:^(O%/B7

M6EU9ZTDWV&]NWUV\:Y=-;,DD8'FO;P-;3[54,)&(_2Z@ HHHH **** BBB

89?DSP#^R=+X?\ $?[
OP^^*/AC0_\ A#?%7BGQ

MO+ZUM[.WDU1UGNKB*-5:[
M;6.U\]0NZ2*VCCFCB@#B%1

?T%_P %/_V:/ '[37Q4^%?PYU'P'X&U


M.VU*WO9I8X;B&:2 [951PS1GG@@=.AZ^E59[;2?%$\)DCT_49-+N!/$65)FM




MAU_P3(^)W@^VO/$%]'J'QNO/#%B;^Z?49]6EN/%



F

AN?$]OX?M(M8G



M'-;!E(AD2.21%9
%5=@ 2*L^*_ FA^/(]/37-'TK65TF^AU2Q6^M([@6=W



M!()  '2NVHH XG6?V:/ASXC^#\7P]U#P!X+OO 

MW$
0W/Y

2@4
ME'*^Z17D






_3V'_@JA_P $M=)^%OQ[\$W'

M+K$!C0I&5NVC

7TEJ
MCM(ENTV-YB5W=@A.T

MJ^KZ7HEM9WVJ$MO)GFC0/+EOF.\G)YZUVU%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4



 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_RestructuringChargesCreditsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableToBankCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedVacationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseNoncash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_AssetsPreviouslyHeldForSaleReclassified'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationOtherLongtermIncentivePlansRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeBenefitPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationOtherLongtermIncentivePlansRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeBenefitPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationOtherLongtermIncentivePlansRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeBenefitPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CumulativePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=senea_CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=senea_ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=senea_Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
     <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
     <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 46%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
     <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 12.9pt 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 12.85pt 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 12.85pt 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
  <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
     <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 62%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=11 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 55%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
    <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
    <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=14 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=8 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 46%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt -2pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=margin: 0pt; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 46%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 46%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsTextBlock'
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=22 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 28%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=senea_TruittBrosIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-top-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForOperatingAndCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 62%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=11 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 55%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ScheduleOfExpectedContributionsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=14 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=8 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 46%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=5 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=10 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTableTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityOperates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSalesOfAssetsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_TaxCutsAndJobsActReclassificationFromAOCIToRetainedEarningsTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_VehiclesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_MajorCustomersAxis=senea_GeneralMillsOperationsLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_UnshippedProduct'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstatePropertiesAxis=senea_SenecaFoodPlantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfRealEstateProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstatePropertiesAxis=senea_SenecaFoodsWarehousesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfRealEstateProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsLossAllocatedToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DividendsConvertiblePreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RestatementAxis=srt_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RestatementAxis=srt_RestatementAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=senea_TruittBrosIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeRemeasurementGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeRemeasurementOfInventoryImpactOnCostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredIncludingEquityInterestInAcquireeHeldPriorToCombination1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=senea_TruittBrosIncInvestmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAggregateCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PurchaseAgreementAdditionalPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquirable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=senea_TruittBrosIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredIncludingEquityInterestInAcquireeHeldPriorToCombination1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferredIncludingEquityInterestInAcquireeHeldPriorToCombination1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOtherFinancialInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableToBankCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringNonproductionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringProductionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_StandbyLettersOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLoansPayableLongTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedFixedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_TaxExemptBondMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantInterestCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_TaxExemptBondMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_SecuredPromissoryNote1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_LeaseFinancingObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_SecuredPromissoryNote2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_OtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_TermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_TaxExemptBondMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_SecuredPromissoryNote1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_LeaseFinancingObligationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_SecuredPromissoryNote2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=senea_EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_CapitalLeaseObligationsInterstRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_CapitalLeasesTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_CapitalLeaseObligationsInterstRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_CapitalLeaseObligationsInterstRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetIncreaseDecreasePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCutsAndJobsActPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInFederalAndStateCreditsAndIncentivesAccountsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAdjustmentOfDeferredTaxAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_TaxCutsAndJobsActIncreaseDecreaseInNetDeferredTaxLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis=us-gaap_CaliforniaFranchiseTaxBoardMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis=us-gaap_NewYorkStateDivisionOfTaxationAndFinanceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis=senea_WisconsinDepartmentOfRevenueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditState'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditFederal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDifferenceBetweenStatutoryAndActualRatePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DeferredTaxAssetsInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DeferredTaxAssetsFederalTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesRegulatoryAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesTaxDeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPension'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionValueOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=senea_ConvertiblePreferredStockConvertedIntoClassACommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=senea_ConvertibleFromSeriesAPreferredStockToClassAStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ShareForShareConversionNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=senea_ConvertibleFromSeriesBPreferredStockToClassAStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ShareForShareConversionNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=senea_ConvertibleFromSeriesAPreferredStockToClassBStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ShareForShareConversionNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis=senea_ConvertibleFromSeriesBPreferredStockToClassBStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_ShareForShareConversionNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CumulativePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=senea_NoParValuePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PreferredStockSharesNonDesignated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=senea_Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_VotingRightsPercentageOfVotePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_StockIssuedDuringPeriodProfitSharingBonusPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_IncreaseDecreaseInUnfundedStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedBenefitPlanActualGainOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedGainOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedBenefitPlanCommonStockIncludedInPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetTransitionAssetsObligationsBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCashAndCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployeeContributionsNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_CapitalLeaseObligationsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_CapitalLeaseObligationsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserveEffectOnIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectOfLIFOEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_EffectOfLifoEarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_InventoryFinishedGoodsFIFO'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_InventoryWorkInProcessFIFO'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_InventoryRawMaterialSandSuppliesFIFO'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationBargainPurchaseGainRecognizedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_GainLossOnSaleOfPlant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_GainLossOnPartialSaleOfPlant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonrecurringExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TangibleAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_GainLossOnRelationshipTransferAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EnvironmentalRemediationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=senea_FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_AssetsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_IncomeLossFomContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=senea_FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=senea_PreparedFoodsSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=senea_SnackSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_GreenGiantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_CannedVegetablesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_FrozenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_FruitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_PreparedFoodsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_SnackMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=senea_OtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis=senea_ClosingOfNorthwestPlantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=senea_OperatingLeaseCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=senea_OperatingLeaseCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=senea_PensionTerminationCostMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=senea_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=senea_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserveAccrualAdjustment1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=senea_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis=us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=us-gaap_DirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=senea_RelatedPartyFoudationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

_1!XQD
%T-MG-)J+!B!Z(@ )(ZH)4I'Q-N;.Y\

-S,ND70*QU_)#H&7+'SY-=JO=D^L+8L^%U6U%EYO^6UJ&[%]<W[

!J9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T


MZWH2%;7E0-
@ %AP=M;

M-$9RG9 %#@ WQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM




^8
CLS9%USM:1



M5W+-R
=4KY

6D$N!LT$DN/R+RO JQ GH



M.+]%
;G*YZ(G;ZEW?!8/+]<,E'#^4[YU_T74.N?O;=X_INDSM(3)QYQ1$!=$4

N10[I*0!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.

6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


MOP%02P

M+W-H965T
?<PX5[R)W?N7B6%\94\%)7C5R$%Z7:QRB2APNKJ7S@
M+6OTEQ,7-55Z*,Z1; 6C1T.JJPC'<1;5M&SY=S

M_]:LXO=%B

?C+UJ]T)/8K&*

(=EJ$*_2X
MQ:0C&
3ODMWEY#WH4MES_MP-OAT78=RMB%7LH+H05#]N;

A.]%JI)W[_RH:$TC 8LO_.;JS2
M\&XE6N/ *VE^@\-5*EX/4?12:OK2/\O&/._]ES0?:# !#P0\$E#Q(8$
!/)&
M2#XD) 

M'MVZ

DADXF]!2F
M)R ]
?1D0L^L+7(1.2R0@@*I0R\L@1Z1&D33(XI94L B&2B2.2(S2\1%H!A6

6RZV(V0V[8#
M



M7%]C^PJ#
#./FQ^Y%J;^H(]C::??:? 
/&Q:XIB56FP$S/394%$E/-EB
MV+W8=2;Q5#*&G8GQI[.%#8==
[G9$B?;O


]5[HO
MW+B7/%]'KB![V2B^Z QT'%3JI[
MS?6[Z-O ?J!X.[2XT=AG+_\#4$L#!!0    ( -N$W4RC%JFLA0
  !4.   8

V$(;_N)^@S\Q'61

V/'8Z_OKOG:7JSM




M_FU\%O7PO(]?C)[
: 

7S !E62/4LV1
234-(
DPYV*NY?0S'7Q(*G'
57)M: EM)


L8A

D$#IR1P

Y?D2
W Y4.U
;5-Z-Y^MG$():A_L._EG.-S;5_'

*2&
7!9K/#

2+^94#YD ?71,O354KD\!IW)$*?H/ZTYV$
MCOD4C0





OV4W(-U4RIH/W
MFC=J'99:MRL 5%&RFJHGT;+&O#D)65-MMO(
5L9/3I2S0&*H@34M&K/'.Q

#@\JQ
T+\0<?$G!/P!X!=*6XWNRHIGDFQ2V0W;_;4GN(X J;[A<VZ)KMWIGV


MRV36
C#AK.3MLN%6<MN
MKG4;+=I^9(/ANY'_!U!+ P04     #;A-U




T1QT[I98GP7GB6LEZ1IX<(=



%U)BI&
MSH@P7R?OA61T5%&I4/QFUZ8UZS#JWVG;A& D!!/!WW]*$=^$Z(/B5$(R%:



M


$%     @ VX3=3%H *=A'!0  Q!H



8O]M7V


MG[JKZ]G0E

M7W^4_LO8^-R8QZJKU\WNG^USO[F?Q_GLN7ZIWG;]U^;T:STUR
UG4^M_K]_K
M798/3G(=3\VN&__.GMZZOME/I60K^^K[^7=[&']/4_D?87H 3@%X0#[PP:
M H@%+

M[T


=GB#I&3@])\W-V\J#-'%#BHQ 5F@\Q,D0 ,'*$@V9ICS::ZH
MT.!58;=V=(29&@H


-(TV7GI9P+=:ZBY&KD7$6%JR$8Y%-5


M9(HLSP=36+I0)RM*LD;.
93$'/(]GB]K
HB^Q R=JRBY&CG%4/+2$?(D55%Y


MQ.%


&UL?5/M3N
P


M7%



QL7
M(


MFV[\?W;_TO7-=HH2K&RK[X?/]6[\?)OBOS?##7AJP

#^=' 7FQ@


=;
+K%DE5S/K_!2BO$GDM*(''8A
 \96POISF0


VC< ^/18['TVCAYIR?22@LIUV-3@GA6.&F\
M@







M8TI!QU


M\K!4I-Y 9MG(!7GB@L[?\8T8D CB6G$J-S*,F,U95906Y!%2$5:?_\A30P
MDA@@26(D
2J^



.HI#!?7HK*1B#


_]C4RH (  !M.   &    'AL


MDJK4;.WNM1+3L6HDT2


MT78STTF2SK:K]6YZ?7GZ[NO^^K+YV6[6N_KK?G+XN=VN]G]_K#?-\]5435^_




MS7 #W3?0YP8F'6Q@^@;FW
,#YE/B,EYC-B\I#Y AB7A
P-
I$I[
M3\@2D$9EB25D!0:ILTP'9. X@QUG@..B





M!31[&AT

M2E%9W
G4G.[]2PD9^I(1QDJBC)5

M&4#4/P*1K*A*3NF.6 A

MJX:9T$&
8E82R0P@ZB!:!8PA0*R67?I'A(H)N'F=!#C')6$NFL@'8&AZ [




MV*).%U1D!$PA8$H!4YG1BDSO\7]6N3&
@C&2R@V J!\%E1M#E9 *:P0VH%
M3#7


P=!-C
ZW



_%.0BW]*LO$/4[^P4Y

$%
M  @ VX3=3#7)0Z#

3 N

UA



:- 

$HUUA^Z#%* !KI!G4KIG5KH1EDYB?=VP


4 A5P_BH=UCS$/

/R3\P.V4E

W@[[?2__ ]0
M2P
$%     @ VX3=3.M-JJFW 0  T@




MM3G=4U)!S7OI'G'X!E
]UY1
Q?^ T@?'I3X'5*&U=2]M:AFEB\%
5?QEWH




M970Q
BYX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!X0UWJ3;E6TIFZAJI59:I6KZS-IC&P6,WB=




\
TTM-U]
-A6V_
M*;/ OM_2N3O2MSI.^L%5/-=@F3I
CI1FZ.
DK[S*P]SR^R5_X-.W?A&UD


7_@M(#P^9^!@E2AM74O;6H9I4?J*OXR[T'$?



M@X
562\:^ [^1W^V:+%%I9(:.B=-1RS4.7U(CJ=#P$? 3PFC6YU)J.1BS'
P

K8AWF+Q#



RU7RQ/5*?OW-(
&4WHU?'4UHT/

2
MXX.F[!*(IICC&,,7,<D<P9!]3L'74ASY?W^#M^N*MQ&^':9?;]?)]BM$NPB


CU. 'FPT)E0_'KWBVXYB-AC?=](/8_(WS?U!+ P04

M_0+




O$Q*I0VKJ0:K4.UJ/A4E'B9]U['?9IOLG2A

#4[$S+T?1'CB]

MG-VT((YSQB^P:0K@GGU-03?W'F_]'Y/OVPF^$AT@_;Z






[V5&DY 0

K8AWF+Q#[R7GR4W*


MKXSQ@*DD5SA#7ZPV5!0^7\Q;



41KEXDK*P7FC9Q5
18NW:9==W
?IYOY&VR;P
/(I8]<@
M-&-.$X:O,.F8*B^A.!;(4[\/SK?IN\V

504/MP_(AG.XW99'C3SS^(+=^X^ M02P
$%     @ VX3=
M3(39^Z^W 0  T@
R0XNEKA!:V%_GT&9,:<)?7,\RZ;UP<&*K!<-? /_
MO;]8M-BB4DD-G9.F(Q;JG#XDIW,:\!'P0\+H5F<2*KD:\Q*,SU5.=R$A4%#Z
MH!PN\$C*!6$




5)7GF7@7W@\4W^PJ=I_RIL(SM'KL;CR\;^U\9X




M+Q8MMJA4G0+M.J.)A3JGC\GIG 9\!/SH8'2K


M^$8X[ I4,S\@_BR*P9B9UZWXOPQ


M



; .OH/[
9R-

5]FF\.V4+;)]%0%=
M'N.0.5#



'0
MY%T0LNFI!-/%:;*HUJ.*D[SQK@-[1^.;_(7/T_[(3

O&_K=:._I
M)#=^A'K_P59#0.O\=:?S3QFL^'TL/P@LG[CZ@]02P





Y9RX

W?./\/4$L#!!0    ( -N$W4Q0V=H+


M5BFEAM9*;(F!*J.WV\




7R!

M6_14@ZGC-%E28-_&25YXYX&]C8_(/N#CM#\*4\O6DC
Z_[*Q_Q6B Y_*YLJ/
M4.
_V&PHJ%PX?O-G





MID Q\T?A19%9
Q([];X7X8GW1XZ]*8







MMK!4



?4G!MU*<^']PO@W?;2K<1?ANG?UPV;8;Q+L(\'^GQ+3#R5NQ7Q4R58]
M56:.$V6E#CH.

HFBAJID5:IVCY[80 KOA#;+
G?US:$TI07VS
^Y\S%XWS4YL5V
M  Z]2:%L@3OG^B
AMNI 

N=-TQ+;&V!U)$E!Z&[WA4C&%2[S
MZ#N;

G

V\[%QRDS'O6P@]P/_NS\1995&HN
M05FN%3+0%/@V.9ZR@(^ 7QQ&NSJC4
E%ZY=@/-8%WH6$0$#E@@+SVQ7N0(@@



MS.^98V5N](C



?





MG9.F(Q;JG#XDQ]

M.V7PF\(5PB''8%AF
M_DEX4636C

M)DZ3(Z49NCC)*^\RL \\OLD[?)KV;\(VLG/D8CR^;.Q_;8P'3&5W@R/4X@=;

M;=
(D#9;5:W42M%6W3X[

QPSIF+Q]EH[*MK 3QY
MTZIS.6V][X^

7:V


:-G%2Q%B[?IE%T\QUG_1MLF\)G [PAL2A0K_R2\*#)K
M1F*GV?<B7/'NR'$V90C&4<1_6+S#Z+7@^X\9NP:A&7.:,'R%V2T(ANI+KZ5
MXL3_H_-M^GZSPGVD[]?9#X=M@713((TZ3I_FMRUN(6Y;Y*M9JK!-G&;'G-
MT



M_5*I;A

MS.K:


M89989 E%EH @F8@@3(I%$BB2 (+51 1AUE@DA2+IG& 93D00QN&)%119 8*I
M[1#&L?!K*+(&!-.%1QC'PI


2CV=^0!
MICX('@[7AHF+O59(K^#7UMYI'D;'J\LNLH?S?WA_[_E.Q:5JI7?D2A_Q]B ^

$%     @



[T5*5T$0
M*


NF[CWP\WN=H0M

M_TM$!U[*ZL:/4.T_V&0H*%TX[OW9#&



M\!G %\ QYF%3HJC\27A19-:

96Q#L4[]![*_@QR=@M
M$





SH%3O?S$R3+?Z#\ U!+ P04
M #;A-U


RYX

M'\.]G'/N!URG@])OI@&PZ$.*UF2XL;8[$&**!B0S=ZJ#UIU42DMFG:EK8CH-

KV43/\Y@E!#AE?XZGCA=6.]@^1I

%#+_PBS+4ZT&I

M971S+W-H965T



MN]JCT

MPBP\:_&3UZXK\#N





NFQ4@91-5
MK=1*JU1MG[TP7!0;4]LLZ=_7-H12XKQ@S_C
.3.#Q^DHY(MJ '3PREFG
M1H
MW9\P5D4#G*H[T4-G3BHA.=7&E#56O01:NB#.
<,3(P9VJ$WQW-;-]HZ<)[VM(;OH'_T%VDLO+4+8=.M:(+)%09

M
1J%8

MDSB3=^'$'QYY
PEB!U!_%^)QTV)/LR]7V3O%=F_(XC</B



 59XD.(W#<$
%:]J@R'SLJ(I
7@UO6C@J

M:'^(/
3I

U7^!&W +=YE8

B5[HH;#

GHS0F-F

M'N/T!
TP\?1D3D]37&%JR\P.J?$M-%B1AFBYNL49
U(K!;F8*
1--JC)
M!A&(%B88YL%YIZA)B@@DQ,,L\)-MJC)%A%8+TPPS 8WV:$F.T1@V7@,\Z#Q
M48A_02$BL6P]!HH?]#YZ\*5&B,2R^RAHV7XZ&PXU


MQLANO OH=$5?P!02P,$%     @ VX3=3*AAM[.W 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W



NT=SKNXW1S.




5Z&03+8!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O


@AA&G]&33J%#
3Y^:K^

M=\X;-:I@*DJ\#WNCX]X/-[=7VC*!CP0^$?:1P(9 
?-'X4666-


[8BWF'R#KV7;

M8H:;2-_



KX%5@20%H4ER2R3C'2ZRX#OI(E.#%;R#DT9FD)+I


CS/7L
)J+_P$7$ [N
W$Q2B5
^*)R
M





X
M@O#PD(F/46EAXXJJP3HM9Q6?BF1OT\Y5W
?I9I_

76&2!4&\





[6[38K%()!=H)

0IC&


WR&J9Y;2J;BO\(5
M)

A$.
P\9 
?-'
M[GF163

&9VQ%O
/D'7JO19KN
W8-0A/F-&*2!68[(QBJ

M$Z?)D=+T.D[RPCL/['T2W^0O?)SV;]PV0CMR
1Y?-O:_-L8#IK*YP1%J\8/-
MAH3:A^


M)3E%J JY3 )
56JV=O?94J@!C!K.\GLWZ]M' :W3K-^;9SNOM(ZM-J6^./

Z'1YCUH:G
];P<4#P?MZ!?^W6\J





LZSCT%^$-L^K34M+BJKRGG]M

MTM%X]%Y[:C'3 T9V


MXB[F#F%
%_




MV$A


P
MV4=@,3.+
P01F&9$J1FJC\ 0R#)*5HS %!8942J&(&I/@*#(X0]]$!

MPMA]6C&54PCO/!%8!+;K@&Y,+W[-U\/H[^U]8EQ&C; 64[9A2IAEE:R!:
M1_,/@LBZSR&(OO5 $
[S=0(#6J$8V2GF1JA@?S#82.0H\-&($97FBDD&A22

SF.Z7)A:HT&M2;C$9&J-!K4F'$_86BM:C\YC


T[
MW)39OCVI'!V/2R?_ 5!+ P04     #;A-U,&L77M4D$  Z%   &0   'AL


RYX;6R-F-MRXC@0AE_%Y?O!E@^2G *J IDD

M-






M4^TGMK2MC=K&IZ3ZF9]?E7F@T+;
T_^A/E2B\5J)[F.=)V7SWUJ?RBI/318M
M)8U_MY^'K/D\F_R?872 9P*\2X#N^UJ ;P+\KX#@:D!@ H)[ T(3$-X;P$T


;+/O%)
!(8.
M

-




3
#,Z';FC *B9$]0W=P06V!--@3+_3O8(%^LS
M20DP^R\DQ674^P/[)]T_M$OJ6=@(OI L8R-.*!6!!6.^(!SLJ%W*$9XY\ N





X%K;0^QA2?Y]







MVR





ES0;E84#JF;'7HDPC(M;T+I&.JK;'0U$HT


MS)$3%:.A/)G@:K

MMF+7P'67!S.DJ5LL$T37$&.982'2[H*]5SM#8ZU%7UG$WPM/1.&\JHN!!J


D60@L)&O0M158
A&=_T&U

M3AO'*+@F?.@NNIWTCN7\#M9_+BTG([*U&5.8

-8:GZ335CMG907
P.


-66!M?VM6+,QHQUJX72L9D^E+9ED.FITI@QF%&8*4ZK15;
M6RO


3JZD^7@2:ZTLJQ;GSJA&66+H;4Z=Z-]Q]
\59?B^D E9$&=
MV8+YJ+GG
?2UT)A :/ZI::(X))[T%@)=/I&CD ]&G7@FI!%[6H^K2A-@Y
MF.$Z
;T31S
P6'#B4 (Y1#-%9?0]YXJRD=+B K
6)_)24#YA:GH05-M;R&$0
MAF'E=2V@3&O-J#J

A-4FW:XNL\55G /7LC&

;83

MU.%H36-J7_G#HV8:PV5HT6F-GAME&F[/@Z3POJ\ZEF%8)3![SFL:4_$\=!(@
MKA

19'MT;B*-/P4
X@*19'6T;B
*;$8:J)X[0X



A$4F]Q<2TPK*-9-FTQ21;-*D&K
X(L(9DT.U;Z@9;F(:.

MQ\64[I:R)70


IT84)RK&2OH




C6(. HYQ)2!+




285$

M*=3)'D3.'E!)
AD



M!Q2

M


MGGUCZGO[*/0LND39EC5K9

M=A;&)B-6L8TR(:A^G-B2596)I//X98.&%TU#O!Z_17_HBM?%/%/)EKSZ66[5
M81868;!E.WJLU!
_KYDM* L#6_T7=F*5AIM
M
:&5[+[#39'J7AMH^A4:OK:

M)I#%+'I

L D0\S2Q^ )&6)6/L:)\A&(D@XA#P D&T(^0?GB(68-8?Y*1;IG








2$UV0E%@







@C1Q\
M!TH%D:S@47HLY6UD[-3D(%0SE6W6'\E]1]!NN&X$XYVG^ ]02P
$%     @


MM/7W]CS%-N^$?%
E8]I[KWFC5GZI=;M$2.U+5E/U)%K6F%^.0M94FZD\(=5*
M1@^.5'
48IR@FE:-7^1N;2N+7)PUKQJVE9XZUS65_YX9%]W*#_SKPDMU*K5=



9C+[ARW][^K+2H!Q43I:;O
M_;-JW+
;]*\TF! .A' D!.1#0C00HL\2R$ @$P+J2W&]V5!-BUR*SI/]]K;4
MOD7!DICN[^VB:[;[S;1'F=5+04B6HXL5&C#//2:\PRSN

M9$*.24






M.W





M_:=JHE6SQT5
-(F 6T2P:WJB1QLHDB$HX2ZN-)G'@0


;IA$0UH5(%YAMTU!-2RJ7C@OH6 QI5.=#X$]R4$-2:K]ST8$-S\







M%)&3C.2TF


MC.R@*!KA8A)43(*(F;B&$.)I$

M!

AOP5( YL0#NC8\3YQ9A





*7:?-_CN_\$S#C1*]QTYD



K()\?&5]A\H& 2%(_N



YG&M07@WV%
M(-

4N


P=C9P\2IK .6]



J:)X)/GAB_%D]-3V!#T1_S,)LVF]GW^EJI=Z]YW$09NAN
M DV:YU$3+C0KQ6FK(-$L03J!.8O0F45H_;'U=R,AP/M5&J-HMQ19)'K/QCB


ZL2D&TR2KBCIIL\BG*2+
MAAY[?BLC)-P1LLH&+4ZBN1F_47%M.NE=N-*'VAZ]BG
%.F3PI$NK]64\+QA4


0+/*6GMA/IGZU6Z%G
MP:!R*&O6R)(WGF#'N;_$SQM
#
$B?I?L*F_&GDEEQ_FKF7P[S'UD'+&*[961
MH/IQ86M6549)^_C;B_I#3$.\';^K?[')ZV1V5+(UK_Z4!U7
_9GO'=B1GBOU

M



@


Q DG)
!ZL\3A ]\7 DV=(@R7% S4%$PF).!
M@*%*,+(*@+[J\%-P:^9.-EF*KT]/S?*U
V;U:%A+T/3
)SUE6GDMI%\R'2W
M@!]4G




MJ$FNEDE1A!R6I0AE


BY$M

MI?@O/.MZ[/6^__#.[*91#=_%2YRZ)X2QE.DL(M+K@ZF\QE\8.(8]/)8
N5

RW8/4/4$L#!!0

M+GAM;(V6X6Z;




-M'-5&#'





I*E/J7O:P+KO1C?8B:JA9\9X.*/
)QG$0%S\IPM;!C3_5J(4\JSTKQ

M:K%?AO?H[A%C$V 1/S-Q:7KW@9G*BY2OYN'+;AG&1I'(Q5:9%%Q?SF(C\MQD


M X@+(!\!=#* N@#ZOP'

@4D8
M2

M(&\#01AO;1^G

M4(QG\SY96QZ'[
M))U0-6)]%#%?%5HH(K

M31@V# P8QD N'MH QA-R








[Z4=81$70Y\RK.L#J1L_-$QW6[)6GAY?XK^






*S35EI
M6M@
PH3&L&

.\: 8R/5\Y8AEUZ(Z==FL.779H*8A+!= MLEEEUJ5

M!(3XAE^;8K'!+&P&121$L.$(-ASUJ(C(=HPQ-:AGFV((&:E:V!!&'Y0PA0W3

MU@(  !X

!%
M7P7Q .5^R2J)M 15K=1*JZW:_O8F3H(6,,5.LGW[VLR83A)_P0PWQR?
2-[

:4?VX
CFY:S71=4
ME8[ONK%3L:*VU\MN[*E=+\5)E47-GUI+GJJ*M7\S7HK+RO;L]X'GXG!49L!9


Q.S
M(30;S@5BEYA%##6+&&H6
0$V&T&S$1 @7R]#3$3
(B8F9A&38+
Q-!L# 5KN

SN:ZD;)IM!K@0XA4QUQB

A
-!H#\V0H#*)@Y1A#M
M6IRK)JGB[:%K0*6U%:=:F5[C:G1L<A]]TV21\<PTOUWS]2'3=\[?67LH:FF]
M*5;N*[1V@NAN/;H?M*GV5$WZ^-#R??*W;ZONT[UOY!B6;HQIWQ+\'Z'U!+
M P04     #;A-U



M;.W_.;JFRCO_V)RB]M+8_# $564DXEA%55[4X68UM-TWFY5[[LJBMO=-T#Y7


M_IM]L:67]R2^C[TKV^$WV#^WG:NF+!ZERE_':U$/U^N4_RV
#Q!3@+@%0/+?
*W94(9.;)/( -PK!4H@A/IE39#&B&#5JT-2C)I9(M*
B

'K
M1#.51R,1/ 8AL4P3$52A&%('TFIF]'\RRMUHSER!@.A3@RP@%I(K7,JM


!B&D4DAS0(/;[? ^2T!HH8+H%/\4G
RH8U: .)M%SC?)5]$






M'7J;GDTOG^



=D)-LV=2J\+EGXL:OK








MR+X/W\=3_WT9_HD2VPPWX+8!OS9@^F8#81N(GPWDS0;2-I!S&RC;0#D-@F'L
M?3#3K


:.:
93-HU
B

YXM[%P$(,
MJ!XGKB$LEZ8H
_;8\
&34%@]=6XS8DDPIX;$$F?C
.+#DH2K#M&(45YIS




9U1Z_8\77I?-W4=HXA3
M%-'ZPHKT)&VHXW-4Z3W5U&D

MP&P3B&WDK8&R+;ZU( 0&G !5 TE *XHG21/ZLD9X7H4 !]UWLHV@'-116YQ%




MYDI
$HJB5$B$4I<:%G1&%J,/230Q+I

O450TI22#'EZP)#2LXI4B0M4I0O Q6&


G0XZ]S?L
1T.97]V

MP

MQZAK)6=[&U17$8YC$M6L;
+5PLX]R=5G%55-OQ)!MVYKIG\M^:5NY#%+Y/

MN0]



M.W=*U$
6+:5F;_VU;.SU.N1_#X
#\! QP!$/@U(AH#D(R#]- = E(G(.I+

*4(/J5[]G9FTBVW_T\O3Z=G+BJ3Y(KJ81 -FW6/P

MW V&




M^GM@'%3\H

$%     @ VX3=3):
L[TW
\Y_CQP;P<
M%A?5/+='*77P6I5UNPR/6I_NHJC='F65M[?J)&OSSUXU5:[-97.(VE
C\UT7
M5)4108A%55[4X6K1C3TTJX4ZZ[*HY4




M(8M!J?+7_EC4W?$RY'\+@P/($$#& 
P^#*!# 'T/B#\

M.E\M&G4)FO[VGG*[B_!=;*J_M8-=L;O_3'E:


4/$
MI85D
:(



M


M='


M!9^K&!1.WZ:QZ]TXSO7O-K\AG@WQ8HC(?PW);$@V!CR1N5:?J*9%)L48R.EC




FEVZU62A$0;


H
MFWBEW
0'_OF_&1







M^ I3.
J)\N*#_ZON1\Y+%=SQ@B91^JZB)$BS*Q1:7&4&XFB;F/1J?NIL!UWL
MSHWR$=M6\%\^=MD?1!S;3GH[KG1#L=?^P+DG4[PH&MN=&.?%Q0.RDPS/1=C
M=QL7BO=3YT;SYZ/Z!U!+ P04     #;A-U
45?V[7D   0   &0   'AL


:RL<(O8$^EQ)YZ<&T1%TMZ]EA/


S_H7Y:[^G8N7-7HYUBSM6
MD\ZA^+1QGX/U+I5Z)?A=XX$MYH[


MJ.RC99Z)AE&





F4G2
M
&(U5&KES'A)I)KRBR-J#N1DDDKJ^*X;
M.24I*CM-3.S TX1=)2TJ.'!+7
N2\+\[H*S9V)[]%G@N+KG4 2=-:G*!'R!_

MI?*9-5^@

M9]:46Z&BMS1:Q8ESTT0=9M=B_ '&ZQ&.8N^W\+$M=OXLW1]OL)\C@A#?(4!-



1Q-6QJZ5U 5Q$.V[YM8T
MS4E\I[NI*?_O-&TK_D[XI:B$=612-1%3ZL^
25 :W2=5)G+5_?L)A;/4PUB-



MR/;?RW/=77FW+


B_:JN?\BIH-!UINK_DN^RZ.2]DZZ-@RJ:X=<YO#6M*J<L

!-!(
M !*$FI%1$PV::AP604F@^=T#F1\GE&KC8\I$'!$GV'4(78? =8031#!!M&*0



MOKZ5 C(1AXGEP4*8$8088=MN84;0&D806/QI&N@L1S).K#5A1A!BA&5W09@1
MM(81DVC^+&4_B8R:3!E%'?@LAC C#'UBV8$80886R










M=-DM?879









.]4\4)%[T42Q!FZ:Z-9

@:]

M1:DJQHX)K9C0AO$WF+TH38/(CHFLF
B&P1O

MP OMG





DA/GKZ;X4NS]
MP  !@[


M/M-II5Z]Y2G99.AFC$;-TZ#!
PU^KSBL%22:)$@#3!3828%M?_2.8NLV($X#
MLC:(@D6
09-836LU49AN9J!#EK6


M9IKJN1@NE:%0O!OO2S1=VOE?4$L#!!0    ( -N$W4RD)G2
'@(  /X%   9


MED15*[52M%7;9X=





J417K?/T8M^[7HM2]Z)

EJZ[_C5:'3LG:
M1M%6:OXY/
NF?YYL_+

I.$
I'T =!6 .-LR'Q#2(\V
M9 2ZNU?X&*8$X3QL)PO;R7P[3@;F X*OYD$TITY-%#Z5X9RE83
H; ;Y9MSB
M1-XT$&-$G%06 8R +

''&
XA


) C








MS=-HG7E7F6C$[ 8


? $ZJ#!!BVY3J]O4XC;4

6$(5+





 R_EJ9 Z0%992T_P$^2O=L?5CHPJA[*&1I2L

M/OX

%(\).'A' @
ENJ_T7^(E*GG^N@.6SS3AV/4-'+
M*HUG&;EHH0&S[C'!#<8?$42ICRD+

.R7;7@$U)2M;6I)-=:6[:I!41 MC=OGQ'(&'7_@[E9@_;K



M_\;5O'Z[&

M]7@Q_K/K

OYYK2;5
M?-YZBG'\VSD=[MML#0\_OWN_V78^=N9'N:DF]?R?V4/S?#'TP\%#]5B^S)OO
M]=M=U77(#@==[W^O7JMYQ-M(8AOW]7RS_7=P_[)IZD7G)8:R*'_M_LZ6V[]O
MG?]W
VR@.@.U-XAM'S/0G8'^
#!'#4QG8$XUL)V!/=7 =0;N5(.L


MT#1F
M3@5'%T'!(2^,P1$['+%C$1L2RMCQ@+TGH4PX]%ND2)*[0I03=*V!!IV@9Y#

89ST52
M&T57V@1P

6L2%^E?I?J\M)AV4#]+2Z4]



FX$^(ON?KS



K@&@L4\4URFJI


M53T !2KI!8#D877;CSDA5XKK!TBEZ Q$0^:


CSL3R[D^#Y

MTW[

$%     @ VX3=3/\ I 2Y P
M


6+4-Z



Q
MPE;IK@ LY&QRFH-8%0R//)N..R, VD3.(* (XB;[V8IG$Q-\6!BO9X5@%&




CJ0.;ZH/F #V1[8%







$






MY!Q;7G;]K[


MIK
\!TS48^HA3T(HG8E%4 G
J#*

MX$X&Q

%7H-I



M='



LLK?[7HQE[JU4*==9%7

MJKQ:[I?^


M$1Y/+#)')?

MQ5:XKAMA;UC72PP34A-4:C)C!R3N)

Q)B@.ZRF]O'# +9:9

M@2 [8&+/ UX)8$XI&*!Q-#2.[5V/44EL;WN$(GPJ;+P:P)QR .XA_A#QQ-:

M=B$WA5*




]B3]8R_

7\[Q8(ZW

 5FZ
MDXB=/F/#3VY\KMPB5



MHF

JZ85WI%)]=K

M!8%M8&DQ;
 *!VV/2LV'0O5Q9.4N/W[4I)CI(5?S(L.#P\IN1R-?74]@=O

 !I/.F
5]QC:$W.#!=[&(B59D67W3'&A:5W&W
'6




$%     @




\(WFFCM@FB






.G$2QY96%_(IL[4F2'M6:@U@S0






M
!&T-TUK
';.ZW]02P
$%     @ VX3=3,86]TQ7P  LG\! !0   !X;]S
M:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.U]^W/;2)+FSWM_!6)6WI

BO7L_9
M;IUES\3$Q/T D9#$;8K4$*3=VK@__O++KH4@ (?LGOW]K:CVQ)% (5Z9.6K
M,K_\0]-LO%_N%\OFGW]WM]D\//_AAV9Z5]]7S63U4_IRLUJ?5]MZ
_U[0_-


MIEK.FC_\L/GC'WY &]).&'GO5\O-74.-S.I9__+[:CWQXM#WHB L^A?_M%U.
MO#!U7_QINIEX@3R9]R^:WMM=_MN[^;+VWF[J^^9_]Q]0(_Q8W\Z;S;JB)S]4



IMIL!P3PUWKPE6KA

MLUA5FU%2^?3X
)C(
#C_GZ
/7-;K^6HVN@B:M/_;/_R#BWY-
^'][7U]?UVO
MQ_:,NOMJLYK^['M7=]6Z;KR?MIMF0_P ='%*_*'AK\]VONEB]$TO5\MFM9C/
MFA!9C4&U'BK&^]#O?%.WZV:YLQ[7:V7]+[F8-YD




VMBI
J(O.*_JWO*@:XE*]
J-L:9AK[EGGJ('FA%#H(980)NQG^=

%T=MP
MM







M^5R0W4(ZIDEM]RE/?1N3? 'CHO46QFVNW
@+P5CUV
-RN#WG'#R[&1'-8%


M:FGPT(A%XKQV
9O-
1;J^$
UGYV3*%'K.;3O:5:V9-DV8A55&]:;'81GMO%*

M
)QN&Y9-9^# 7^8S^N/Z4;^
!C!XQ:MC.+M+^.TU2DY_K- ?MK_H';10;-9B



R7Q'WVS$JW9_.FV3+'&DC^P7/5


M!E/L$C ]



4.+KV]N:IP3_1]/Z9CJL'4YJ]9$EI\?P!7YC/P\B([=

MJ_J![@OVSJK


8W/^_
1
M;3Z5L3D/^4]$*:TZOM_3TB$+ 


M:.




1F/5=IU-;KUX;-5^G5.G

KK$&85IQ7VN41F2FS O(:.QAD. /FJ:17
/^(KD*%-=

QX!7/O.]
'SFA=$SEODBJ5EIH1FA7GS

TPN-[)\$DQX_0L_QYWLU\W1ASX1/;V)]:,J+5I5%5S//O0/P_
MUXOYW6K%;@R;Q;*+<LG_7@OF1ZSL?/(AHF9/M%Z4D]QO[3.8LVXOD$YN)%E




2 D&


+JU9
MP!RV6F#C?:T7_PVS8ASG^X4/Z^1Y(T1<?30?'
WMQ=?^_!)$M[-'Q[8;4G=

H75Q

L0\-)

 G4US#V_G(X.9;42(F?14H_B[SP#@S11 \F
MB5J$21;B[9

M^Q(?
\/GUSR?PWFVO
SJ*1& ZDR571BJQYB\\$5BEQ:5%CH$E@H%Z\KS$Y





X-NDGW.DW- Z4&]SU59$OTBJ%H&?I+EJJXC]+Z]



5

MVR

+RRP^0OBIP%_0^R;V4&4933]F#)2KM
\5;=GY=A.
MB3+B9/1HP?(@RFDQR\B+F
DG8'V00$1D?DI?=\4#V7K$=$XCWF#T5QJ3**$N
M@3LS*6!GT=-CVP-;63T-_AKY21RI)XE\@_*@#4'$%3-QJ9;H[[20+9#&3-QH
MC_ATE.S9#+0MF0).F=[ISRS@/4XS0!T*T$A&F]^U$4Z+F)\


2D& =$W2:@D39382$ECZXH-8L^TYY(TQ

M\

M

M9K3U



\V


M2%_E ?$_$'
1D)1CA0#



#78T49*
:E(NHA@MI=0Q
M

M9#2/
:OESM$E




F


U(0/&G9
MM&]BVHDIS6% SX\0.C5!F^24)C1+F

SQ FF[.OJ5$/Y_3:%/B[VYR

CQT]5ZU
M(6A'GY[%$YP[R@&AG&2GP3/O)

M\H87Q-SXB-*!



)E'TS)?\ 96;0!









MCS?K94](&]A_




92%JK8EL&@Z([D96@A]X* DQVP*
[/J1

M+(4G)BG8^\=K:D0+UC!'[Y'I1KNH1OL35$9TKI74AF)B9







:+R==M?J [FR30GSEG;2X8!#B85
_@2Z!X&7M7$+.#]@E


M'[




O'WPWC@!:?&;T!_\^K/JN


M'R2HOLP7]:T\
JMANO$&A78ZF3#37[%[)AD)6IB[5.R)+ET





MBKY[Y(2&W?^6Q&^&@--(ND8IU#PA,Y]?'%O4 HMO\ ^1!2:\YA*[Z33

MG\=;VY F&.'A


M2G.=!'C#90]?W+-DFM!.6_K+E!]F]U9O1O:


MW6#'(S%?8ZX) .V)

.7$@#
.QL]*AMX(D2X$NKFP Q/4T'F*0W 2OT@+

F






M
]2-.+3;'(^8^H20UPUR[8'IB&D%8 &KCW2/@@&\

M$]=WB6/@]@='U5F7S_F_CS5Q7SG%5-\PJ%Q(#^A_$A@1\FCMG]17JSV[. 0K






-.:=-



\1'Q


5CJ^7WM3@!Q^1':
Q%2:R?1
_9=






M


M()-Z8.)'QA+\?;OB4RC1!+BVG
J\F]_/%]5:6CME;66MBSJX/ YVS!:-[79S
M=X:8)3U2+:AOM#%DIU9*E;9K2V-I*F0.HBZA4H[8YJ(1V.6[2)Q




3RY6

2GJ$M


/!U- Q=Q+N0$C

M+5?2H!P_M\?F_0\^]@.#8=!C4D=B19)JYK\E*&;@TXCT).D\X#8H^TC'F2


M
BVKKB)HGN1%HK1*_ZB=H).N&^9_[ \B^R3_]&9#%59NM$+;JVM-0&D2VV






MWDB9K':RU7DP+&@]OV_;U^NOG':-GLR./T'G.*$Z#)]
YH%2_DI$A7+TYLIH




MR_Z

M*V+W[

[*#_619*E44&P!!?HI@BQ]X5U=




QMY\78U\\/CKE]Z5@2
*HW.4?C5M4L?VMOAMT#1V]_]\

?M ?


M/@M8@7L!P.J1GK9'Y()\F
9 ;0=]I.ZH_J:X&!W656:K4U920X55!9)A



M00F*MD
?6^VUX3PQ#6D$3Q%ZJBVU6AT&PTR=
V]:DWH]7\#TXV/&NWI!CV#2



MO!J:(1J'_[CW:KON8Q?'_Y4V.LT-8=I_ME



^)NKIC


;1I

L
D

M$0 E!P3B9^H@!1QD /7BIUKW/2K3A1RZ&B&C?Y(X8CL1@1/@G#_V\_'7U$@
M9]_,WW#FO5RU7&^@@'R6F!.=/'
R'4+OGZ#!BB)XXJ
C=.:J]8A^N 
JO[:


3@





O!_7@MBW A1!&&0

&FE 99KH%=+/*:]P
MQU\-+)DH5VVAD 5MA)@_#5IJXC]+YWYUCE?D**M!0XEVP?Y#.1$

BA#I'
MQ8Z=15)!1JPP]B






M3$A9R_G1

MS4+M%OUVDSWM.C8.%VD/'9NB+T5^U?T2$=



78 +$VF2%%WLEV*ELWQBZC?7.YN;HS11Z-D

M5
69MG)KS)KZ04PU#!7C*E@QR(





M-)/1/

M?
 JQH(@JW% GDKHB123SSC3AE'&XC@W&R AW9JKV]%+ 8.\B] 3)D$0&U3J
W61.GQ'&9A80G/*&DI6E@S+ PX//L4P+L0BX)9('#XDQ%2A[9 6T

M:LLRF0M3J49*N.'?$CJ^!HUT%G1A5,D9O\[7 $%.VB(JI(GK*PP
K%WT#N
ML4BRH B42..RYBDGLY'M&6:9?
C#O@SKD#LM



;)TI3G^P\S'1&G$NC#SV9R$OP]1BE4/V-V]T
M(7(2TX'
0


Z
6WL8.H3\JXW@/1%G4XD5O_M/8N&812S=81EE3_2


3XU!X1ZIV^4TU%1BBF(N'89JC202

$[[



X<=<










%X3BMA9+G
M5W-Q#R #47L
*'T.G0+0^W'
@.6N&;3
JN?&B%.!MUC=F9W[TQ*TQ[Y?AM;-


N 
M


MBKDJ]^O2P#P


M!\UT\NA7-TRH/+UA@
#((BV@8))*Y.  

M@[_Q\FBGN\$NC/ZY^8:3IG8!?JLL_U^YLOQ.8FO+Q)O*\=_FC___HR1]VX_?

M[;
9_*_#U6X&O_\@7]\%EO(5%\QIF/II;Z/0!/5/+C_



Z/;=.!

M.D26

9&CPV/

0[$GK$76B
:ZL(VAL^^/NUH



F)
^X9<(;A]XQP#Z







N'6]?1.I3M\9
ZGPUB=

HN%F



S7X=$\!&-OH-^.8NV-\_ QT#WG/ ^A]@[WA!Z*[&;\CB/L



:
9$ 0.R!$G:
X'#S481HYF)1+2D:3

=?7NY%.!XW$&/2P[6/Q



!V#JNAKU0OJX!CB9X.ZR6VX;%AE

M/_G
S/B9M)L)@%8&*II5FI%PL!W8PKX36%8%_ZKH[8NUI*OV)D
E20ZS%G_-

[ZLEI








MU._W%E.2X$J5)/B.;:MZ!M^Q12LO7\\%W;A9C4?J/^$E4EB!ZRI\_\9MW/!/


M



IQ:)&)

8H3FL.C!TY

]Z_KQ[:(D0);8]2)&S(2.'T&KU28 4_(



MMP
^])
*0!J% #T

;:;E

J982-
M*;-D!R+?KFP -9EO%(KH




I]S[M
M[;LW]+GGI-NG)(7WB[

.:V[)HN[PQEW3114Z/R/HMQ6T[WXC+OMR5?S===+
M1[-J
X5.=ZYPSG B


6QE<RYX;6S55VUKVS 0
M_BM&:.%4=O)XJZK;=@*A<$VLV'?2N*+=LO7BRG#G]]9
LO\4CV9IUH_D2



;R6



84_0102P

*K!0  5#4   \

Y5[[1IYHTT)?NB



MC]D!.WH0%J/^'5)B\HDHY/
Y '_GA)CHPAF%?GX%XKV/$?-.1.&=CQ%Y+R4F

0C&%A#YAVG'?FFPG8
018Q**

0@F%A0#FSR\YNZCK[GYR@EDH
M(4Z!YNQ/5:FR+0_KFA 3LU R32;48Z$$K1^@L- GS+E;UW0P$!.S4#+%3H^/
M1#+=W09(
 LE%!;JP;R2&VF

L'ABAS'+

QG,1

7.6=


B+GZ

?^B%UTR_'?KPV9?HZ
MGLS0[%^;4S*RW:H9YS.JYZ?YS


#:GK0XW+0(SW(;H&,6WX2PIJOM05<6[[7
M%H!M^6);0+;EFVT!VI:OM@5L6[[;%L!M^7);0+?EVVT!WI:OMP]A:^W +UE




M#)J9I
[;9R 7J9$K)8HM_1MC.

Y/WCTK7QQ]SA27!SZ;HB;HDEI_
%8K!KJ

LT]2@N+ZYIZ^Z[M+AZOCZU


I19!4HL@H4606*K )%5H$BJT15:#(*E!D%2BRA19)8JL$D56B2*K
M1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:%(JMD56AR*I09%4HLBH4616*K I%5H4B
MJT*15:/(JE%DU2BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ460U*+(:%%D-BJP&15:#
M(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH462V*K!9%5HLBJT61U:+(:E%DM2BR6A19+8JL%D76
M-8JLZS/*.A_+WK7#_Y+\\7[_.I_-_XN_? )02P$% 
4     #;A-U,'R//
M \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4
M     #;A-U
9O




M%JFLA0

M965T
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #;A-U

4
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ VX3=3&F0DUD 0  C0






YX;6Q02P$% 



M 0  T@


M-BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #;A-U

M+W-H965T

  !D





  !D              ( !?D0


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #;A-U
4-G:


M;6Q02P$% ,4     #;A-U



M965T

  !D


2YX;6Q02P$% ,4
M #;A-U




S









YX;6Q0
M2P$% 



M%     @ VX3=3%6I'W)\ @  _P@  !D              ( !U8@  'AL+W=O


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0W+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -N$W4PIKIBZT@(  #<+   9                ?J-



M970T.2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #;A-U
00#7E;

M% 














M4$L! A0#%     @ VX3=3(#




MVX3=3(/-%]0% @  P 4  !D              ( !!

M='

YX;6Q02P$% 

4     #;A-U,FOH9[T\  #
!P  &0              @ $E

M7


1   !D


'((#


  -T/   9









M !

/5S?W'2D)'4CWPWC+_O1''G?W_X]W_[]?_K







MO


















3C)'S]/SBDXQ[RX(;X'GNL
M.PCZ 75MVR-

M^P]QN)X-^B.+(?PQD:94?(;^(T


?#C;76^;76-$NX6KLO



/N=0#!/L6N+T@I#
_G-SAB&4$[*
UD]=L'U1-=5:+MUSR 2)N




M\(QS45OJ&KE16V1HRD*GM)MD1Z[6AH6$^6KIW+ ALO4JJ_7Y982]%/M?QBE%
MY_-P%
:OF+9RE)*@-\X0^4&K-4LK63/6*46[=-[08?V@E E7+CN3





MZ

5Z'E%G7:2J6

M
4-ZG $/#T-6/7WGZJT2L%Q1MA#U+4Z2V^C.I?-T-V3)R[?]+$?GL#BPIG(7

U$


MTM=/8\*2$.)H1&)_[&4+@%DZ G]A=_[%F7^^Q\]Q^







0NCY_FWWW$ZB/V;[-#2659N





-Z47^A/7EB4:*._YX\G
M[2Y-




_Y*5
M;)/MLTPDG!_ _-VE@VY)0^_*%BCQO9986E_KAVE9U&B]QUU:BW+?KBR=IHY


L9(6:U!/SPY7


TDYXF

$&=H.



9ZG;U
M;7(J9]5-7?TJ@:K)IA KXNVVJB;( *G4W'F5+2/-%
!(6AR@:=  Y!M.$@I-
M?N3.EN.-DSF

8)
$YHBLI;/I$5


2PDY 
Q61XEGUV/Y;P$7P&5[



M


MFB!#DPP




MXX[\#



M>!.V]S70+8!#K'(SD2UX/ 6&*&1K;)(L
M!JAA1(IF[;KU!Z67+.LV*K8Z+Q7@6V ,-1HC5MI\U$[L T0GL-S-Z?8AN@



XFM:1QE&02_72(V'0

4X' 5H FB@-4$?-Q2 39J*0%;*T ]*@&LT)LD


2Z2K\^3OS.


^82:
M'!TE%%TOXY'$$?W1RPPBR:Q@]I!:2N2[Q$]^&_G49M@;%34WC)D5??YK3-N4

MN)C5P WOW



MG-19O)FJR9;6-A86Y$UYF3[\V::


MOSYZ \  
+D8
5NI!U: E2TTUB?Q$%!I3
' Z J-N:F$([^9E
)L . ^K+/N
M2Z
L(;Z9? 


!0


MVEM6'*F$U#A M0&N@5PB-4Y13;3EMODP&+!(L4T2(UIZVC%+!(L$CQ+-)4

$9[#
M\^8^AZ!\I3OU+-BI!P5#P5 P% P%0\%0

M#^P1[+$I]GAABFV/JQ;W3CT6:R.)2X
F[G&)3*2*'-_?MAP0M;$!JG
MWD?8FH*;U





M0\%0
!0

MP;8@V!8$/1KT:$+:&A+[T.JUIM!PT:OWHQM*@U]X#;!;


4G
MTGP*$B^
DS'!CU0;'\/8^_/#O_^;)/TZ3KI/KCMZ5WR0?N5ZX$9/.*&O^4Q(
M3*YC0J5F+TZF7Z6M%3&MWN
^=0A_L

4'B8?3)8\\C;NJI;1QA:2(BZ
M#?H?]J-U:=3K!VZC1=$J:&+I'^


M2T5E/I&X7GHIW41T

)ZJW'H$EDJ-X:/:9UIKSAIC1$F?58

MS@
3?((V\JB85+%8HJ(QL9DCIO]*Z0B#UBU*^IAV!E3T.&]!:D3QD+:/FV2_



A:=

M(RI$ODY.E?V$(TRHUWYEVWOPB+W
G?GA$0EHHU&7P4R'D__Q%JB\



M/V;I'!E%;**44/(]=TPAIP^IA+3KJ4/(.1D#VJ506Z
FE
;T?9+'E-;/E-:G



MFD+2GW!/F,KF.),Q;C:]CRF,P+EU 77-[]MLA; 08# %  %)%!.77!T).

'!M@
M!IA; +-ER)JI 



ML&[)F@

MS*^MR:;6@E@\9 (=)11T

L(1PF&&! XD&4'8LDZ@MT(

.0!@40'69!76[(!?8?E%


FEBG:@C5TLZ6P(CJ2A\

M;1&Y;=Q._05[

MI(

QP'!6/I.'PT2Z3.UH&VCGS6CL5/L

MJ(H^#) %9'



13; \0+ P@*L*K(.41X 6%B +U39<819XH21 W;EX L64<M&#E

M

MR'.4(


MS'





;2=_IHD$B?J0%M&W

M. B80[4/[+

0 90.;[9%MVX!8/0+D%*)NFC!<C@<H




5#_/;B


M;G4#J 5J!:

$
M0VP'_


O K
YSN  W[7\ OA
M'N!78'Z1
&


GSX(:%/
M03A.

M%;^XO1#/GI6#&.7@2UYH5IYD71I
CG)+
V'J
88M!*Q:-+5

&8%RZH)K



J[H'R!

7 W9LBW.O$






M5=FR6C#ZA02@H\1^V


X&:3Y'

MFZH*;8(A_;UH$4MAI78D#X=A

M;3&S;1Q$_05[

M2)\I^MM&$6MNP)UBR$!Z0T@O'%41RR['\Q598O^\6?S(I&MBSG?^2='C)7$8
M^(TRH7^
PU=)E:DS1Z9T\5ODCOT@Q?ZV6W8+OSZ-]Z
J^AVPKN-;EPK=R%2

 )^#9.#SO<9*Z8OG.FI(DB\;4M:I6AQJ4,,F.47MP0[@M\<%
V2V
M?.5


)(#@H4E6#44



M0$B8?O!\3UD#;&'\!@WV#;:@' $'T[ROCM9CI0DRYZ.

M S=P(*L&;KHP=]' N VH+:AU#+C)#O 5%U]QCB2'F%L-^TZGEW7 :BEX#?Y0
M39P3M&&H!M1.(Q2*VH(5IF;TP09V@ZP8\)@#0)LO\PMD[?JO;130(/!FYK




7#-9S?Q([^?03]OPAXFD*=E]@Y:@
M]PTN&<&[@

#8KV4



RK:BR

67& :6Z/4P[FBJ;;3B!
M&)@&IB'(!$BW$VG'=F3-;$&* :0F'3':!%$F\$[W6MLJ;*B:.)[$: :J)[$



IQ\LK'!R0H^S=VTS=+!^14
K7Z.!4.K


M#*R8 ]/M8?HZ;)FM

M5L2Y/QB&'( RUSTC6[;@Z&E(9.(E
FUUABW$G
##\#P
7(

M&=)P#1I0W4:JX1HTH+IM5

U:(!TRY!NX35HQ2]N+\2S9^6023GFDQ?*9V/A

M?N_%Q




$7@ -0&N4I@ T




+0Z% RM
M#@5#JT/!T.I0
+3ZU@7#IJBCS
L^X3XF!/O2/7[&T1AO.6]J4!@3]E36&%/5




M1D  6%2 J?N5'2 8!:68,0VH5@0W@21258-V3=!H !8%$!1I8E6V8+CI*$


M 2[4 H9%9Q@NU * A088+M0AD5G&[4 H+%)A@NU * A0:X=1=J%;^XO1#/


V(\S

ML_B1B6ME_

J6+

J:


MRJHCFS:
E(%DX4FV%411AE.PX13L7)3\%.SK
2$X2J7ES)#SC1L)%ONM?CAG
M*#(R8#@'!(M*

9\!E^P PZ(RK#NRHD%:!0 L*L#4
9EWW?4P(]J5[_(RC,=YRWM2@0;LJZPSO\!J03P5
#YW
MC$U%5FP%2 :26TR88!/!I*%)]DPP$#QL)CK%LR
B%[$4AN \D6:@')L()?




M#

M[

5


MZHE-K%F6L7M9P3*J0NNK?$;K05P$. @ !0 16103ETP]3@(
!!5#V'*B;



T/.



0A

O0[LGZX)
57.[Q68]TPG$(% RM#@5#JT/!T.I0
+0Z

M1]8-&\P:(2S
)!AQA!@+K!N(EF'\W,@86@N# 3A'W ;ZU?SD%K&H1_


K0=
M7

6[!Y[.'AF'_N!TP,TIRM<^6S+
M,5?*MZKL0Z3<K$4=\;6HL.;=5THRQOZ#&[HDP,DA_-D\^0Q-71)O1:'[;8%
M?@[7

9
GF!(4]25DBV4NI]D6ZC


M;'']HJZKNK7D?HXB:%W5W]R4%M?YZLC1351O]6]3.IJXCH?TW0






7()[;H)]UB2T/3*3R=KH6QP]I9@
:?/05]!V8@9$.VMJ/DF0
MX@=
G@

X
2383<;DE0NK?EZP;N[W5BG)

]+SCV
M[  -E3N^-$WH (_5.ALZ0$/E!:!:NL^':A\H)A[532Y@[0T'BA R$T8LTT

@J#.NB_5I4ELTW%)HDFO3CT\Z^5
MR)(RM.93
)@

M]&-I++&%K








?B
MZ?KIGX

1

694.:PX5=UW!7'_M6+9JVGL7O;0J?5PS

+_5
MPI9_GP9'-\O)3\9754T_5

B_HA/51SG !?-


M 9
*
_.UQ]2HOJ[[4G0+[=_\/&'W4JG.[[YT9CZ'2KFFY#7=EV)HEKZ_KZ5E



5X;RE@T(S7'KE(.&
M+ST2!MW1F.#.!^72*-=R']%75_\Z'O:*-ML\-$E3VX0W8V)-W 3_)7^7.S^


M)&Z4Y-NZ4:7PS#N
-6N2^N+FBUVJL'?EJ=#AF/5&^5;(B4.^B0J/C/\/#OT[
M.CHDCW'I=;7JC-NY:MMXV6/7?*.J/P6)%\8)[1+WV-J9.ICEK#QD[^%D=V


Z6SIZ7GKJH&&91+9W6'0ZV'X.QXFHFWG%I&1C\5<KU]
M7$IY#&]$XGXP==XGMHT^G1XX2E +/ACCB@_N:


MQB13/C.I^OO0G[6H\6](7WU:C'3!W#

RQO:J.
D:QLW
22L@B1F_^1A7&HJY@;7$@C-VTU(2+


75(+0Z+_2D4TJD/R
Z1\ST









FD(MDQ3W1P

M]YC7I6CLF*++%_WBQ^I)!&8^TS_Z3 W(_'M%E+-6D&DY
%2.DNL_*Y$1_)


M@*-8Z2B4^1TB3?83





*\NT^+?&D0_H')EWBS-<6NR

M['W 7,)B^N@+-/BCV\WB;)')6ZB+\$S_B=VR5[#'9M_;Y1IV;M7I3.?I6)





M%IM_0QPUD

MVTMUS/KL%!-'W!4T37.:49^=@N6(.USH4LP6.Y$C5R@. ^]UCZO9
L^OV;I=
MP^5LY_G&DV7\;5.QY5OI&%A2B:RY;
9



NF^Q!U]#J:H&7$-9\S642)^_XNH;


M)+LD@-WV
+L@J'P=2)!0:7W


?F3]B:S_L;Y);M3


PN[(-,XN()[9O+'PMM)5?B?04/V
2Y:5Z

M6T^FE-1QIU(4SQ\%%@:T&\AN'9$E'#T')



IP/.5H#-'[F9?0UM?B:U;NE)X


M6X^*Z0?=$!=KAJD;A+2JL2]1!:0DZ(W3.-M



MRT_JL;EE

MI1=\?/U(:SF@LYD\&/+ _


M4*3)5Z15 Y'U=#=U*-+B*]*NP4?68]IW^88$GA:+Q[?D 9/GPN4SP*76=SR
M=_R$L]LDMMGSN]RVC.BK%&=?#MOSZBR1G7RK7WOD65V*U?VR8






XA_BAY!J.XNGV-2BW3_N\=3]
MY 
$VI52MQ%3.W@.XG$2OMYCEDR _67:YX]%4\PU]=

MF^-Z%9.;I864I=/B:^'LJ VWYG TU7)

TZZC;UVNUSI9N5V*:FG:XD&IU4B+
M*ANBJ@JW7U%U2ZMAPK!%]?:$;

C/KW]7B

1^U


;J[4
9K1G_D'++J

MH

M=*OGK[^L D@) H$0+Q9$QZ[N_G +[/R55E9F9JLG*?PKH%6*RU,'QPB+JF

M6 -6FP15%Q%
$'U6[&EJ?B!RJHL5D$
_'!%5Y5056R*H=1FC:NU2
'BAA(:V


NKGWW

M/G0@8XU$874TSSEXW[+:F98PXI$

01.#3$?]F7S!)GA
W]NVRU;3ITDR-3-]


.T'33%6:M':





MO2J_$HL#@S$(&-Z[9./)1

MDG0]S\Q^.'3*)$Z*4DZA9']
NOV\3U
QZ2%^FJC)O[8_QL]


M^[



W$:#IOE
MP

MZ/3R%5G6E)
0H0J@=HBH59F@4XM9=%%4!Z.A7BT4M;9%%EM?ADX+771ZU9UL



O12Z.N[HDI*&@4/V.


M#VWU[K]

)(:L 9

M
 ':@)=W'M''AHZ&?M2N*Y0LX 44+4&OP&/ZF8@@55G\NM#AAZ1*_&I=EZA6



M]XO7C0LFH0;DS!;N5+?


:913I(JPFF9E@HJ

%3!G0E)






EL9Y\TD?;]$-B&



MY$[X8G1@


JFNG:EDENWV+7)6!(5M6R6?KH6=7P
M:B?SJ!7/8FRE\\/ZE]'E0!]

M.



]?D14'Y'I.JI6G?W[[_
&S

M:.PQI 36XB#]+J


D&SJE^\0SY5^2MC
M2$GJ4!3E(4^,NY2H,H[04X&\*G9T#!U[=C(B)PZ3SS4Y0*<G,9<7.[(5@F@#
M=H723FI=S/)2^[5&J#\ P@%Y;+M24]U.-$73CO;5JXSK
M:IVZ-L^V/5=






M]SLJ

MVIQ*XF&.+NE^4)L?T(S/05M3(CF[N#$YI+AB-V2O
N $C-VAUE*- -G7ZO
M0TK*'7
D'!];!U!U

V+
T 55]C@


]^VP*IT&=1%EZ6S.^C(_.J9UI^5R:



KWPP5#Z
 MUTM\R
MO;I!E/6SJ?-=P#V/?+HRR5#BGGY[,+P*&BM:!::CGGM$GHMLT ?RLIIW?K


O]!




MAJYGE$(.Y;*'!RJE;+' U
:XJ77HKZ





M^2B@ 
_+GI?0\W.(0MAT.6M0%



=RX[B


F_2
MR 8IU+85[:U*;=E-DBAC@D;$'%E&Z109X(-B/Z#5*H352'Y'@3&Z10^Y@.


M#:Q&)Q%.DD21CMC%%N5-E&DSE?L




X(F+TMK/9+FJ;7KJJ1IL




LY
M)I




M.Y(2[
$1(0=KL&?SO1]%_C;[5GO_UO2[9/7'#O G;%TFCP=E=OW@)RYXN'_!
M+SC\S\O3MZ1H!



\Z'CGP(CWGLE_2I7I^5+-UK[+N
M

D:#K@K\G/U4]1V*X(3H_$!SV'RX]#T;'@KGKFTBS)'
M)^863X$*7\XGSFW=OG#WIO7G0P!\LK


MT UE*A(\L!B- 0
399HH*^I,HSIBS)+L[02S_V[-B*SJIV]]7W++@;NBAC
_ID<O.XK#;M*,)

Q&-=U\L)3^[


M'4DU5D]L&\I
!3
5/9L*05EHXJQWI=-0JGE3QTS&C$P&;)UT8=:[U&N5:J)'


MGNST\'


M&OV.AEWG8-VPF C/ZIK!&
1H#!B8*%.S0%



M(=J7LXDF[-D%XMQ1P*^7S@#(9$+XP80=)#FSAZ4

9
S(9.#3/FD*IWVLZOL&BLNJMZ1:







M]_O =9:[.$!W/_
!25LTJAL$H6I<:F.





@





MP9P3=VF=%4&DKK
F5UKG4_VL1X?4%AT2C0Y)-IK0\?[#^T_X10_GVM]L_=@K


4V:/UM
MT



)LQM%;-FSIF
V9D
R1)

F8T8F0S(6O
C2#8
KU;RI
M8R9C9B:#92B'5ZIY4\=
QIQ

)@M(4A7(U6_

MH+!!N]O0$ 51&%W'V_

IF[;'0:LZC22NDB;+EX26WH

(HB$F'[[--
M(^W

EEXE9W0SF0)NK22KY)3?RV09R5MN?BS*3YN^G9


MIF5T41;;H+&6GYWMT%BC7*8U3&O&I#4WVRAWEA0QS6'^AFD-TYKQ:LW-^IM;
MV.BQQNRL
3MKS
X:LY?4
TZHYQ%KS#[N6Y_L:G&7/8]88_9Q:-6\J6
V8V8V
M@S5F'X%6S9LZ9C-F9#-88_:1:-6\J6

Z2E*PQ
M.TM2LD@^X0#:\P^J6:-W7
9
S(9+#&[.-0JGE3QTS&S$P&RU .KU3SIHZ9



MA)?P.V!G8G/WSZ23


=?-Z+=R+PO$//=/B9

M?#1AF?&ZONB+JT(6P





M8XH+1Q9EYQ#YHXO_
AWOHQ^&G[Q?@-M^Z. E^;1^$X;8;54ZLK1Y0#P]=W




N

M+0G4L%H$D]:&4:N OZ$D4%W;4C2
-CS;.?0R.%1O)6BRT)(D9-R5AG]L3Q)$
M@6IB!453VU&LB_@;28(H4.WQ4A3;\&OGR
O04(VKHA22W$SD)&4:!:6$'7

?U1;%D0%&K$*VFRUH8@
M5\#?3!!4:JPK*^WL'$Z!EX&A!Z^:(:KM;&2P.!Z1M2H'*M6\2MCV]H._H1Q0

P




)HGH+^8QNBQTT:GI:_IM2&-'
MM1CT'.=I+<:M,+:,6=2HTE


:A__3A7PR$8]*U=F8^E@&D%?YV2

#%I4)7C7:;
M=PS)C2'&#3YZZR%RL8F((JWP=!?*[)[BIAB#](EOUOFV^R846KY%3B+)'+&F
MM!X/I7UTKERLR]
*SA]B^5ALO==WPMD@'9Z?@G!\RS:U=USX)A-;C=!W'3OI

M=/4O:UI9=4($C6D5&L^VT


=GLZ4R!A\Z:.Z4]W

R)X/00?3H
S.--3EP/R
XY$#+](S!_LE7:CG1W45





&-JC=<@S?LQS7
2/']SA_S44;1#:P5H1L[N^K

M

^J-Z4S^


(V9DF*+,EJG-8)RDZ8\ P?_&=P<CT<8K.&##

MV:P V4X4LHB-V8QFR%/WV:,4W3&@&'NXOMG$[JXG8[UC.Q/15;?CH[C3.Q
M91FW5B*T=H+B\^8I6 9-2:^\Q3?%\)JK?+67S&Q/8D/INNV+(
6BOQV6^F




MPDJ=OC$9I^B


Q=?%]
* _'2M\ZZMBV


M;:K+621\8W$:LQ@%%D-GZ0DFOM


: @0GOZ(679=C:.R1E$1KA

1M%EKT:R)8R:BL8F80I^^\0C:K+5HUL0Q$S'O
MICO=LGDN=\

M)] ^==/S A5YT+D;D(1)]
;MF


-1JJYP!

R16-J%@FUWY 7GI&
M9K# /P6(
X

M(9EFED[*X$S+\F


M;FSCP

L/P'3LQ^;B'V!9DB\*L59XX(I],5-$MD0@T,.0#X



M?6:R!^;L.

=T6Y,9_)7 *9)J =AZ*QL0T6


M7%6/9+HB.+$9'W#BT(]#T[/#E_
):EHW(LW[R*185;6KYBDC2DC]0DWH_320


 [8
%%F/VCV0YW!6+MQ
MBLX8

Q=? UQ!BD


M9 (\60'6%H*D3%^ V6:PL\U@A (41LS_
?-1M!=D6T$FO=.57G'ZTLMV@MT6




/4-B3


M/ N=9'J@C78!LAR3S.UG368:,3:/;!S04I-C+#0%';'E4GP=587&BZ.GT)

W.%S)!
].1GDH(S!@QS%UZ9%3:S;2+5!7[P

=D:



MG=J'E^DO)GSD^%HV

R/7V
MQ%V_\M1WO?0KF:W\0NOY5<^0%R +/_! W.!;0$7;1#WSO=(7L*


3X;EK/W@R0SLD#.W
<.4&-%+Q?]X).*

MQ*!VZV3./
@*R-_.?8O@YXB$SX4H''K


B91?E.I
M0-.0./9D:Y^GU#RG?6S^O-RQ9T:@1T*X+4MLHG-#?!%.AR/X2 L#/%-.OC;



MO4LMU
0G(
Q&$0JV@

20T 5M=WZ ^91YQL2V#1PWCGS7+<R[]+\


M#S'LE;%MP0W3488:L*C(Q+85?P


9C8







M

R4N)\
M.



$9D^R4L[2C\8K[


RMB(9ZK(Q'U&
M  ]306GDNA^A 0$(;C5XZ(:?JMH*#V,D[R?V=YU\+8EYTG#G^3T@LQJ6:2S

?F

MXV%1^7#K

9W#D

MJ(DRWR'
\S7_X^M^(-/;. 0M,.OZ('8HS??G7#Y/HB=Z(UG_S=Z01-G;[Z

M$LM4+DL0S5!RW\.?/
=]?1?!#O#N;WW!KJ-+LB#25D-2E#$M1FU=D@6)1IJB
M=REGYUZV*U62Z890U8PNXYW:-%;4)9EF_]K1I=JP:^F2K%-UJ=/@LS95]75)




127Z*F%I=RM:;I(5:-(7#*HILGH]!#VG* R

WS



MP[5!QY)$7 ITK! B5R?(9:*PH) M][YT


M%S&JI
 YPBH;'04J4\R62L+]
_DI#'&A(WY_\NVD7OMPL0R+!WXC
=/[JSA)


M8H&Q7T@(A[#











98\C1O=

O1)O?\OV(SP/T.

[P&7T*7UQL1N9PI9T^ID4C%&2D[]






MS-

C?
MI68C_4/F^1O!,I[QW/33+7&)\XAQ45?:]F7;&HBF/K$
.YR4\.XBZ#D7_L
M)7E$ =C]R9




MPI-%DBE^%O+
<.KX99T7)9WBGEK

3CJP]P96YOP25ZH*1*8)?:LDS%

M:KC$ZUH[G%:)26^5TW3GJ2JJI+;C/&FXFW&:[CQEB=?:L?XIXC(4=-4R#%EN

!52N:H/HR6G:=<XCQ5

M\VU^X\0&4V?&1.?R_N3I__X=Y$=^Q7V-[T'WO






PS

/)SU.K-&@XT[G
MB;'IX/.@B&E-SUIS:_/!V?]&0S/4\4;&)Z'\^_#WW8?Q4VXQC/&U)DW,%Q.
MX);F&1H#!B8%

9B
VACF;BF4A21
87[ )(5G

F












MR'TNGT SU!RE4[N?_OR??XO#Y8-I[GXB:AM^6N
R(X1^ 9UU_3 .T#? ^-;U

Y 


MI\N =1I@356


M U6K51YLB] .&DIM;K4.E6K%;!%2DNVJ!!ULZ76J5HMQ+?DE9CO&48J%JM


RX&
2;2B(U0=8U^N%0KP0V%#6Z45-E

T63:
?O7B


MX9 








FQI-:$8[$4TI

M;SS[7=*VD%C0C.&\9F=+CV-T0:&BO(BE53(NL!N300W)=:ED_W %&4UYCF6#
MFD:4M-

M?&N&3DAT_IT9!


M8W=X9R






G[%]]D
MJD.0L%'D?VQ1HB],WAKU3*W6IMW-B)X%@B!]_I.O.MSM%//<^6JF](N)WUB
MOSFU(6A
9YC.#*PSVHWI3*U1EQ-UN)[O37%^XM4$'4R'6F@Z+(@*43!1VW%D
M0773T17!!



M V^









V44K
;(0\H*
MX_]51HB5K%UX8C:Q7I]E[0

#@D

Y)F!C

M+#!Q%9S!_1!1VZ





M/P0(9_S-@?Q ))NO(7AF+X'/3HX8N#P!Y!H4TXYBM60VA3Q@L1!/&%17$




J?Z26MZ+_ZS]3
M.[0(#



6M
#Y06/DY%PVY1F^*?4^/W[Z




PX]N?@UPZ@;N:$Q2YJ51;@S0!@$ 

M\N
(XTD6BUDNQHM
!P!H$'3B
!$6\;8I0=
0Z#[7XCS?Q(^ A:(-F28=;CH&


MB
[4X2DDPFXPT G'8TL39E)9G..P8H8ZGK-P)2+?^YF%'5P D


VM9VW'/NG#L,L ).07AO[4HOF*]
MQW44 V3&I*=8E:6*+J_,ZE%;GZW(1ZW%&SH
@X]6ZPM$@1+9
0GXL;L&)
K

. 4V3#+E[








K


1W6%5ST7T=V+-P/




-O#0A'@8%\;#7.
QW(^'


SA+Y#)C


M/$@['X+




M

)#

MM!RMSSR&'7Z[+O2U0*+'FE823
?(I:X+M0PP\L0L:1CI$O7A:K'!J3+7^A

M-]023T ;T/DT4C?<E^J0^&D ]#&8F5M&&9Y]F

O!W@20.2/5):7INE+
T(_RQ/*[0

M[L7A1)[88;Y'U4&_ Z*!




M7ZP5WGU*8E2%?W8\54]2$J

@
M?$=QSKG5A_=FQU7&L9HN





 /Z%[WBX9*F/YIO3@TFP
T_6[Z7P)/J$\2&C
BB!$-[E


_
XOK3

)J9UR#^/ T$$
M@ASY1.FL

@RL?5_OI5

M!M)9\SR=P=NQ&Z2$D(K[V

M5W]
?)7
&D3P1VVNHFJ)





]%\  \\G^FPF-F
M[4_F/GC:9

0E8GX)P58E+SDS=)=30T.ZTX-ZN6D

MCP@ZCKTY26?B





\%AL1.GQ?<P

3EIIN%*

6?EGH?WR#RU




HR0:%X=(IB1U83C5 %

MG_=6/LU9B6R2];[C5ZDKQ_H/&BE\10! =Y=HDUO0)$RE






BOJA@MLZG/SYFP1X)-^4:60KN@+(F?
)_$@@(_#BD^Y$:

M4N7 F/UC !)PX]G_H(\TJSKV

2$/*6/
M-Y:.7@BMKQZQOAV
SJZQ94W YC;-. (7LHNS_2@)Q]_KYL;P_JIT4D52M6
*


$1KQQ2:M&91V-SO$2(U[#I ]K4@(EKK04


M*NQA95M+Q7:CKT\F53B.1VTP%=N/FZBKS:XK6;J7!%QR_CJO
IY2XV%2_M



JKM'


<49U:.;


HJ50QQ(MR8U$K





M=&@
R^JZN-AKM%FG4A=I&G

M$\F4 9U5Q&*(IW688[T W\('GP[@WGM
0SB$ [56097-P0#Z0/UD$MYOOO=X

9QC)
BOVBF




0U96P/6K(#



M2GF6PO5R*2OZ#X #_RBRR90X@?)$W)AMG&?\25ASGX(L6-
BU.C9SRU'0HY



A73_@YZ*K/^(*5:__[-C1[(TR4O&IG/$Y+D$*W1.NWK&(FY+Z

ZOD-O*I';2DEPN
JH.%B9?HB
M.*Q[&$F9J55F1B],9GZ*@C5V'36XG@^.8I=TQX$(K53'L%!U6.#JT:ENF--
M@L-51U4(

MP[]

MG2%N/?QY
25\UHV%

FQL$L[C*2UD\JB0%F

MT4SF:0(

:HYG
TP08NL[
MH][0


MUN[&BF(2.
157#\

R]G2M)9TD0SZ8E

WR;WD%1]U)4; MT8]C2C
M#6FHCDM5M[&3.J-+.J


[#K!E
MN8Z(6






MY_SYU2(N57ZOB=1Y73KU0;


MII/=92^O3%


M2I0@_ 5HG
$:@@/XA+M






K\D#^4%71]?CXFCJ(J'M*&_0


M](VB3?5LAZE!#%#K.$U!=B#;#HJ&+NLAI([E'

MIV@




M$/'>9$HM/F.IQ:[ ]N!51KEJC;N ]N_)=^4W/Y3[C$ZDJ#C++1?O$38)?NV
M)OVP2[;UV3[6MO=I+O \8-5_0667!SH
-7(S67URF@2!.:

M@6:V0!/7/&+OA0E0IY&3VN'D 9RCGBG'\\H!G*V;VG.SIRL7?NQC$VS+O40Y

M=+QRXJ 2S.+J[?I*



MLF?E8J^WM'BB:6KX'7&)A]





^5;;W$;&W=L8\?ULD1'^

[*]Z(3V(DV5_46ROTB8G!U






MI-I

MS'27N\#Q _R:!I737;Z_T4@=S$-VO8A+IHFQWA)*7H)R$D5<7+T+%6$E**7

MQ+7/-#1E2IS6&[6B9:WC


-K



2;;M MO*1' I]NX+
M!GG^5+'\.19Q\.(.Q[,2D(JS9W4&T5EIM=J:V8^2W










M)*A4O'&WT86TNY0:*37ME1JY_:8#&$FIJ5EJY/Z; UW5?:PK7W\! Q#2B]+)
MQBXOP')H=-
&&OW&R5&+_
A

MP6
O^'79.E%.J^!?
:[##*D5!T[D4-D=*.O.B^K.)[FKB0)Z-+?JO)D
TP08
M)--*II5




M
0VZ8C*WS/&3VD%J!ZD=I':0VD%J!ZD=FJ8=SMY1L:.!E=/UQ)T VX.+KE+
MHOJ[P^Q,*&V+]U2UNYK_ *

MC4;\KSWV!K8A W@.WA3YR@
%

OA
ME1+XSYN9'NEKOOKD*='

S'9%?6P5#YY



1R




M 887P
'JL 
N<9/TG#GX
M^65V'#8*M$



MTV5%T-W/J$)3


!R%F)36 



MWL&!6DNVXNMKA*HB7^799-P;KXQ3_38GCA?!_T


M9@!]/ 6A=?##\. Y!2E$0256%!



CZSS+/4@9TJU06.(\9#PY]NZD3@NNE+D$P&!OZW&(7J B
MR66YE5





M]&OECJ#+X0!:FFX!3Y8YK3IG'RC&X6S\2+MGW'I(W$5UYD[T8[NHSF)K!E2
M+?\U)*#84V4%%'\GP?(:/AXEM8

MF!
F;6W8U(KO3_IHB[\


R9 EOP+O#A
MZX
9OAF^8/V8NZ3;_6


MIK 
M8&I#D8_J7FM^5IY=96A F!_]5H!BE'NH^+$ M:52K#^V.7&N/\ ' ;1

M;I#R]]BCBM93P*;N3 BG7-1%PR&RH 8'][ *L/S N@^HJ[:1UNW:JVFQ]E



M;PPR4W3 I0YQ*@T\I7IR;(QE2ZQ1EP*R:(?4(L;1@.:SHDXV=8;(4Q!;X+
[F.703FY*N
 B\3%AO8 7EF.7;R@#LN






X

O9)*^:O0-[0K(:CEP%N';J[YYI3CVVRO+
!/S


MN(8$@]?\PWZG&(=F*3+($F0\
3($^?X0N$Y_ :=U]8MZK0XSI#@ @]IQ_@K\

MC)M/B^
$XW1:C-6FT.(]M5PVJ/UB


&NA'T






EM?4GI'%#

M+:CRO0P[UQ:4C\;BC%EY\0U+=!W63F-DH3



B=YP8;0JA;U%JAQ_A[-^#
M]H?#PRW3GZ?OXA H&N+PCBVY V$;]O5)]L=/GN7/Z4H)O2
N\2SZ=49I=./9

M5B2LQ[&1T
[W]9$8D0

M^P*?P&]'V9'@;]_N&OV%G


MOWK$^K:!:Q8[479&^1Z^\1SW[544Q/3JIPM ?NL'$'; .](Y/?N/2IA_
8TF



7NE:Y6@
CM(JIM#^F2TXK..5BBG

PS'34!X!^A#



Q.'8/4]


MSB0^/_P@VCV3,,HD6B2 4TC%TFW3-*GI9*Z/G/4^*Z;
\J2?PJMDTBH&S


M^RK#(LU1LX'2!X*E8AF]0?A&';:JPL75+$QZ5ZLO'%8:]N_8XPM!V$)'PC^/
M
=;

A(FPPF!UYEL







[&=YO]K;6H0YDAA1MJ)5


M-[[EW')2\$XX4_3^_)]YN(+^+&K[W'R9 ']BBLU[0KD1+33YWJK@!02.
M]TM3^SV= DO9R=I
M$;ANNUN7QV
I@ES)OI S6=
SL9[DXP
?.R%7MYC=I2P


M^)007;YD*$NTK@18ITTF/W




TKZK]<<A_=Q@.8!*;ZD!


\8I[

M=X['!KDE%RCW



M:M6)?.PIK+GG39TUM2IJ0K227,_C-ATZ%6?&LLP@(9!&!-O,!E8G'2P)L''
M/[&G]54-L)NYJ




<L8%V%]/T7:X$

MY+Z7CT=Z=1'P$]+


M
21OG'^;I$B3
NILDZ;:4_?UYMO2;*4&F9&\Z\DQ\&N;R[']!?$JG6I6(2


M^5CKZ8-)^SFYE#BE8$Y]'4%]@V*36SZ.)O+9JE0O//36KN/JXV@8.J\UAGK[





TP08NLZ\@]Y$7O])!FXO


M$V#H.@._


M!CU=;\-]J/0?I'*0RJ%FY6#VS/%0*@=Y=UU?U6S.%LD+[.8KN;KJMMK@I+22

M:/.%WH;[DU:R3A-@Z#K[OC*&K:G=DB6SDFT3MIWTAJ9L59 

M)JN;+7JR:O;BT4QS[GX[C9R\V#ZY:G;2!@]#UKQ(U2!50]T39GMR_+14#IU&




%^X




2RH0]V&)(S@#H[

$M_IC$;&1=$ZQ8
5AK6&6HU$[P^(
MAL) U-0J\@ZJNRH;B1


MXWG





!W-'JFU$MP
M_C5V;!2.3Q[_V#LZ]0.*&:]I1(-[?^%80W68/!O@BAC 7RWJ$7@JK^
*_(]8

_'@RO?CFH



MUA^9_(PO OK_H;;B!\G/6&VK@%909B14'D!^%0K*C=K7F7K=U4\I?$ZX?J+-
,DF@-0#*7)=T!ODP7&=:,D?24+?XP'6--K]QCDX<Q9X)<B4C9UX<G!DJ'C
M@WH. HXM6D5X3@@O &0




7=OXF \
M&8_$US+J=B#









M51#PZG--_1'^!+_S?R=;$%P[


RR\MF%E#^^/WDD35+H7J7
MC-.T!]?&# VDPE$+GZ4UE INDV)K[U4J-LDPAS 

!+3XL1T
TP08)--*II5

MI4E=T4U=T4S&:0(

NF?-Z%BXN/:IF 25

H14LOWX

/69_ZQ)7W





M;\DJ&[

M6T;Y9HOA90V!O(3M^6L9%_)OBT^9E



M#5

'1F\X:







M)ZV?#/@24/Z



V5
70-"=V*-\ZL2/:
MZQ'=0\C*3.URLSHA<G
H8%JH._P]&K14=ZQ)<+CJ
MJ IA!L:K3YX2S?PX))X=ONZ.%I&+HFI+U!\4%VZO$$F6V4=L
(GE$RDJ[!0




M_^R=:V_;2+:NOP\P_Z'@





# _F

3SXQ:_M:6_

MAXJK2






;8XWL%G6-



JA




F
'2H@_D


M]R(1(3H+4\_ZUH!#^V(P%E7!XYTJ -8WL6R'RN%F;Z+!/UW-)MI40D(KA_

Y7
M1]812^1L-H_3-,LO-C]7\SA9_]P6W\[?3.WY\N6(7Q\*D74ZK\M&X'5%'34







MY:(ZOHCC^0]GR:5

\'(Y@RRLYK;



]!32S9_GY[B\8F]7B[W:OUZQ6:$*





M/8^

*T0[SAR13

M-





A)H]%L'(-)BL)SHZU
%T?.$;@U/@

-I3K$0V7EN&!VH$$
,==<H'1SWT=J?K5F.VK[^J/JNRBL5YRE(Y+V62Q756YS-

X(&'-ZX@F[!-@]GS[!.)

MMU@*(21$;WY(@J-#'4R'UX5C



GB:PL#0I7@



H2ERC06%
TUN&A3\$7
\.3X3KK5
3



CYQ



#UKF=1

GO#H4 ?3 0YY


MHL).#:JQW4)/9JVCAHX.=3 =7YN'7@B  3!5@!T%
(7(=F8:VWKV-QYN5_BI


R0LV@,C8-$#@1


]SF4^)EBA#Q

^7-R7W[K.TBP:O
M0<$W]:(1L .IA=9],+Z



7SA2(


M/74[%#X&\F.)(MI4VO=(1:J(^P6/-WS\F O&J(^QX/&..E$[
$FO(9*/6_0\
M*VE_HL%S#D3# L)&/3/0 2
=Z@4=UJ!J+B_PUK3A[7F=9I^2R[!U,XN*?)E
M)S;[O3M9*+#10Y0*(Z)4'!.0/WTP,WH.&=TX
1S \M;4 A
HA$T#@H!A=@_
M9T0-]GA ?.LJX/UC=P#+S(3J#[$Z02[O[-505ID&]P'PRH)7%A6O+#JW(_#X
MAE1 *H;T^/9X8'8(9AJ3RNS603(

MDCHH
AVC'D(QP1D' )L3(H@D/#K4P7R :82N






.V1'!L
U7HYFKD:S;$;SWJAM@%U%*%OU

./;

?6I&L@SWLR].'
M:JK#N9[DF.I0AV&YFIS*JFXBA6R[D0%7X&JD7/7DEW+PE5XC3Y*WQ=5\Y4HB



.
7O=O'6J'2I(E1


M//_A++F4Z6(F/TXW!YD/RW/
Y_CZ5)UB3F52Y$DVRY:.X9^;+_NL6'TS*Y(_







WC9/US6WP[M[




MV0VY)\C$



_Q&H'A.DB


'E..#




M_7_V5JE!8T-KT@2QLR9;T%('FFS![^
R5W17;/)K4=U.!;+KSP_8;7K&2[N$

MF2

M^5;G7H! 0  DA#,K0!6,E@4! ('&
@_L41@H3N6\*&M2QFG .18XO_DP

M

;Y! S39=CB8?18






0 ]
5F04%=X P:.Z7-LG3AP9 /'Y#D6
M)S[.)N8/




&J
















MM6:\FZ9
B[/F?R_N_LIZDC80WOZDG?Q5

M]=%EQ=ZK6=35!MEBOC%RBD/

ML



M2=O!M

M=R(RF=N(T:-#'8PGV T4P0B6!X*I$BQL+B)$W07 5 &VO8A[)FPB$(1^+Q:@


MM;YPJ$!+C!P=ZF ZO39W'0.NE;5D1X<ZF,\OK#W@ERZ_+@\M,MDO#VSL@5O/
M^[C,L_RB:HT\[%Q.BU(JBAK+#ZOC:X0'@HQL/SISQR-C^\'A&=SY -JZ5++


MJ!4NF?@0H!;4MM1&(9EH:* 6U'XS1WK@%MP2XU;P*#+3%V=*B#Z?PZM@'T






+.^#4%$XL[
!38SP)+NP]/1YM!]
.#^5-J]%#TB94


M5;-BRCZ51;I(ZHJ=%3
$%GM6'8R7#L?FMH.0B8*L$3X7 G1$P\@$L

M/*1S[B!&CPYU





E^#8 (Y]



%2

IG%MBC

M+APRKK\'WMLA=LK;HJI9
66?RB)=)'7%SHH9'L$\KP[&:X?3)#@PP#]*3WQT

&V9W$1&I A&R^:][*!^Z4LJJK9ODVS&OLV2
9V\T44
M&'#DTY

$\
F')TQ








'6:?*

@
=R*P#28
M-H?IR+&Y_V@ 7C -INDP#2
3D#8
Z2B
N.
!08X 4I('T-Z$.%-6N 9OJ _LV/08./L?GX_T<IMZ]F'H?$_S'@E3]FL7G
MV2RK
U71.$_965TD?UP6

MCU P1AT%8]11


&JDVD


M'/H




MKD?!CL





:NQST/)(-D^B3[7%@&O%_%#?X!

@LD2
M+)I'* '

0'1!



M@=44=


MB[/F?R_N_LIZ=C9DW?ZDU8&JF&7I#NODJORVZ#Y:O*S&ZXH54_9.)O+J7)9

IY4=8R)60T 9QC@?-M498RJ;
B!Y[





Y3=E87R1^7Q4S]4O5?[/V_
M%EE]ZR%H1Q/O8*OP8 7?7/.;%6C G0@*QJBC8(PZL:HHV


=SDT:&3+RK[-._(## G@J
QXZQ;W$KM$ R2#:
M9
^#)H-D\B1['@09&)/'V VX\.&]))-(#D0!I

9(Y

/] -AZ^S0L#;D4&A-_2DAX=ZF Z


MQ?SS6-P-6(@'.W2)P+N(P8B"9+\$0L0X)3(?@%6ATJ(/IX+J6KZ07SVE
M

X% 0$ J  %

MWRA




(/T;2*9/LF]%W T-
M(&*H
I[
1:M@BJ_792ES&MVWS-DO'8C8K;?PRM'Y'#?A;D(!%
E&%8B $P:

2$8]
L!EK28\.=3=8$=P$0!@ $P5X,A3!'LV ;!1 D.(X\[-BP_()@J



MD&P$R5YH 

$4R6X






?;CEF^ZGJOO


MG*99?K'YN9K'R?KGMOAV)F1YJEK6#

M:FISPY!W.
M@6V+H'$J=-+(2*BIOW76
U_[W['ARPC5\!0FY9T*H6GB2[DDQ
V<?A

+X





IZ4QY;4+A)-M/W
M1T.A0H[




MUFW9^CG.2O8EGBWD
C1)O-P:LKC=&RY#!L^^[0Z;SYOMX0\=%[+!#)2#%7Q3
MZ1N)&-!(VW/!N _8RX1L7UJT


MH!_0CVT[C^C$AX!@YW'KT'+#5 #9@&QLD8V)=R*HR


L9_.U
M:T[S$P0#KRR






M!N*[?2@.R
?D0\[JRV)1Q7E:=0V2.R)@ABYXO#+Q[
7LL?;@\S%_WM-[I'9#




M:0!

=3(?7Y1&N_P P78 ='D84K
LDX=&A#J8#'/(PP/4UTK[^#6ZS



!D 186MP0%GRPSG^C!:W;P
MTXP^=[]&-PX7V\_VFHTH[##@\P)I@#3T'6&6(_PTQ


K?C[


M2RYENIC)C]-36=7E(JD7999?O
[34SF+:YF^+:JZ^JQ(?3
KDC]^^O.?&/OQ

MW&-+-'\


MZY
T@R SKT68-GU.F[

M9--F#/:1O
B?X%UB3H
D6T]!



!U?

%F U48XL+AK@O4=M\Y[.42_
_EV/Q.SDN99'&=%3F+\Y3%5X7JPO\L_P+G9TC(-NNQ
MDI  (6I 

MC%$?8\$8]3$6W

SC*=P










(


%N#(=7D4
MP4D;]\VKJB#=






M5]^P^97EMTRS/)XU!13J%\O-9R?L\[(5-[ZZNMF81D.:?U[*:C&KF]]0BK(L






C8H(UZB- \^?C6!YJHQ^1#XP12+*HX3ZL7YLA(%]AZJK6UM7Q


M
W_'P7EYNUS'UVQR+G



M
!W?R



M#.1T^YO@MNUS/S3 ]#0:FF$\A?
G67@AQ3NEV.8N7 B L@$HVPZW0@

MT:.L-LB^S45D@'

MTP'&P1GPDH57P!4(]-*EUX2LL7JBHT
=3

D.X9L






'G^'RXSV$\VHOQR+:$CVS''0I&+LPQ
M%HQ1'V/!&/4Q%HQ1'V/!R'8
Q^7OVT(CVW$7
P:2N37)W%R'.WBV0XAF&$]Q


MZY_;EK4+1I8WCX&:8J\/MV$H5P






6.* %_ 2WZW!OG:6
MJY[!)@TJL?4^E L33/%ZTJ-#'8PGV.:N X)!

.MD
*C WU8
M
WHB&=TXJ



M$%K6(3!\--'(T*G=__MFMG8UXY/9(E5?UV9MOY&@_4;:=GFM?JM:)E)67UJR

M42U*^5EUT)M9D?SQTY__Q-B/W_[!3

%7E;59?S_VWO3
MYK:19&WT^XVX_P&ATQ/7CA#5W)?NTXZ09

@EV&&\A%K_.O?2]&7- XWM
!C0.FFWN\

M]S?;M/XX\QR?GOUZ0A+R$7C[Z29)T2B+HC?=F-R.1\ ).94/\S5.C3
YU3L)
MI\S% G0)E.C?
$F@6ETSU[MCX$4N0\N\(\)[XT'O[
U6;FLP#7I\\K-A\G-P

5<3O\68X43F@$0MF&]'-<%^T-A46SC
\'7XS@4B+OA8?NJU+]2A


E'=XW%$(F+8]7-\_MMF6EJ9RL (FE
(TF JU'7F
MVQAF\#M






MY:
\P)]+=&X#SS&(F
(3SP4T2BR3A6VBL'6%[0D/M6^4)V!P[ 94P$:'''#
M?V#(CGS&RXQ#.%%MTQ^QQ^!?
P% :C$9[YR(X)#F%TP#T^) RZB#$X_!2,
MSW2C-QKB3;BWBO\ DX[K$\S-:_39-C !Q%'(**DD#G'-(BR@2#J/,[#0J@
M1)3D



M;.%WR
M)_L+?&OPM


8]S@5&&XQ-+WI

M 2A$8\_'B/!@.R KP&-,6XJ%%@)WY@[ R?T?^Q^&P(NC]%SPAT_D*[IYYG

TY



M;


!Z%

M

9M(?.J4B


8W$
&A9C!0[DC#8\Q$O'




 ^SP^31CTT2MN=-W$Z$3F.!C@@BS%@D+D@FI3E#/G




-6


MFNLG4=X*WXOP+UB$UAQ
G\^I-V
&+[
M9%5-^XBI2:W7.==X04*R-I5O72AJ
MLWO[(EF;$&SW!C[X=@2&)(JTG,!(ARPQD&%-LYU:6%;[6#TG=U'[T;#Y[7U
MN)'9(6B[DRL)8A5+TA4KV%RY2I947\?W4UV)C4K:_8RF)AG*8(E*O22QIYV\
MM;& G?&=9IFF\7ZM,L6,W89&D&^


MV%]II6B
N3<SW*[KN;QP
P14!

M%RXT.)721Q
H0!%6X$;ST6.W+DQ6 FX3\(
M7?@/#CFV&]K





M*@G:X

MDP;GDD&6N*\&''+#IZ*N7LQ$+6!P?)P0T[(P DRC?!J&Z6$FS&9V:R&ZQK\^
M3ZP7B2P[[Y8INBI=:!^)342_

MFUASZ+






MPO+%(HJ!X^2M
WGAS :;D:$!YK05JFF*$@26QG

M?'%SI7Z0:7DPX#-R@Z?E3]337N%Q%Z_#(I@M)]; N3K@OC.O=*.L2B_%@*(
MBO_-@\'Z@Y-D%+8ON/RILL=7G=[YN)/8=I'%)N].&3QQYGX[]GI)):3 5$0
ZO0K8O/+@K-9*5&OBE(50%D(ID2).60AE(4Y7WJD2
M['L&9%]M *[85 K1F$JU'V(,=<_I\ Q[KU\!X]3P#+M;DIB?=2MGKAIXR

A%[



A:O'


AD0.@T
M[M0Z2OU9I:KHTJ

GJM[HGC#


M%D(I40.(4Q968C#XZRB7NU@3BQ%/!NTQH /YD0/A((/F:/8C2-4NP'JJ
MLE155E6JLJJS.J(JOI6I4*;BE!7?@_-1O5LP5T.IZDV=
ADU



M]5RGJ*3O=VD8)N[W(U;@[GE

.1LA!*B1I G+(0




M&+DYYQ3Y+IWZEF:9S]@.8
I_?2:.R7Q7(ZY+/?=2_#TA;BK$#FJ?JEU[E(




)!+EMPZZOO8=*2

MFAP;/@P [L)W
 J=.




M'LRY/U_@

**E!DL:NLOUP[MHS1(D7Z*1@0ZLRRPJFA*;=Z-2CR;._;B




G$^ ([J/$8^Y].^PRQ79)(CEX 'U:8KHVGNDTCE
LY1A4 :

MQ1H^('CA.ZY/A']$GAPJ?3/1

MX'3 'V$


9&CYI#VQAZD4D97H7:SZM4)]0:9(&((VLPBL

4:&6
%4-1-V1F:QN&ZNF!W?ML@C16\%%



M.X$[@49_BFLKJ6:9TQ(SFJN


M*&2A


M'XP'WL]MF


:$+LF\7%#'QV?.#P-.-R0!DQ+


MPB?5+2!0F'1
D9D\XR
6?3_IF&9*A&UH9R2X'I=EKN*G)K,WV(!Y1R-UN
M_B3(KE(!C

P\+!+\#
O*4ZG3_NS_ROV7
M5W'N1B
JTU(5LQ H6*&X1_@IF9N5QE$R#DW

M'AOO#)%Y BY6(3.(]!%AAS50E1$VA!F
PAWCGBO)B9HQA,,^'4A2UQQ$C
M92@AXD37XVX,7\$5F3\@Q=U76K'EE_3%RL%;JGC$;AL@8$XCU 1H88I
D_/





^'8XYO*%PCOIK)[Y%S*1 ])P:-W$+.MX G2HV$&HG2&$SN






MN]$LF.NU@ .R-!




MQ%)JZ%A_HIYVQ_.-



M(I=DL6(8$IB?XY[#6!(X44JB*V]XGF)7%X;WQ25CKY+[XSJ?A8DL!
J)L+
M7E(;EE


MLOCM/NH7$[F/=W)3Z@

]


^=X7^H2!=Z-6O//(:RD4=?Z/2/
_
;

MWS7.W@S:\+\8Q4




MX]:^%I[!9EYULG@U&G;KRJP'S&'YSC(!ISA3NAE



M=5?GU+*J[\X\VF$N&/2S4/F4U?V[#D5#/J#3%9-ZLJK#3/!H#^LHA'9:R88
M]$=5I'7S3##HCTM V@B;'R

ABV#Q[;O9LO

M.^N8G5

CE$_B).
0N+F+FDOID4V253O#FS;N3;95@W[]XPYQ-]B==^,!L^ZJ*H*Q(



:#*E]V/FCG^-5=-K=?G$T



UNE1R#3./7&G:Z


#

[M[\



R_B)E9?G.T

MZO



M*









HEF^F( 4[/0RD7J#P


M










MLM**[VD!'WL1EKG&JTHA'$H6E8)2ZL2=\;([ART@Y%S&:O'LF
.NQW(ZYWS


MEO;
/!JM#IV#QTNQ)\+JB_.!P$7\+'952(D6XLYV?NVVO5ER9BSBO:MQ?9*)
MO* =6#LGGH?L$R 3H02_(
;7!';@5M0+S\*E3

M7:V'U%9 '*V+6R;U0X



 7 
-LW?+R+4&K%EYEA(HJ\RK*/1XE+5+4=\E:GA=K
MF7OC\_9*H6%!.Z


(5)0Z.$5L_[1;R?\SU??7V-:

MHS?D2DM)_]&E__C8!_




7
M#)4H:^G


M?:S(-EC;R8AHCT3__N0PWS;B ^RV^Q -]\;PK\'@=:JID6
=#O]U)!F6*(B]



YO# SE61G?+QU8N5U%4^345VI1A#W9WCSJ &









41^7/% !;/-[[Q'L O[


MDRC0^UZ[ETM3

MX^XC2IO=8B


M;-/ZX\QS?'KVZTE&+X25.?0L*)9AZ-'AE7?$-&[M:[+ 2B-CQGN QD)%ZS

?W;HC(+S^$R%AYDFQ%&)A?B%

VZ!7(_9U'GVO$!IF!8AF&OK41&V3&

VZ'=*+


^.V-V*1 7WAG
G8S8I/L


'T=P[6;9+@O'I1F6H22POSK:Z6*!C'

=8EE+_)TNY*GT.

H3R:[( V;//'7


M

M


1L51MP;,<@VR;VMN5(!GDEX]A)I'
(IE.;[*U4U$DRU*JYHX]



M:VB[6SL
$46GY\.AYH'

BW.B?$_ F

M/5=WK5Q9Z9_03@PRV3-D






7?NN

M

-6U:!-6TJE4


MA$6

2..R6/_
M:W@2;VN+A9\RQYAQIWNUC/\B.WY'7]PPW^)KVHB+K \.7P+\R=Y[#MD[G%[
M201#RQ&(TI.=]21*D=W[BX6UW%U!WIH.U3U644]_!YU(9]6IE&X)\E^I0$9
M&A#VOI)&/?K;P#YJ^*F: $8W8H4\ .S*ERLT*I1LA9)[G=HP#3*(Z9Y-YKL6


G


_R[](/N9.IX)1AQT4?13Y;_6!#ZK!


KM-\EX^@-7H5







Q^HM9_N'&;#1YUC-]S@)7^\]XAM$
=PORX

MW9Q4TXQ$FW]VD%5B-]IFH6VR.+N





M[H1' ?T






M_.1H5[;](&C_D\Y




M[P


KV3GK

@Y^32*P[



EJ

;JO5*)/8D*CG=/@$R.BY=AJS..?[SW'UWZCX_)
M\F?X5]2X._E]Q0&33F0


CICN)?Q251M$62F)AXO%^

)=9[A_D+S#19/I[EA]? *TW;IX9LC
-L

(BC50#<O+W+\9A0C9=+TGBY
M9+A0#6]/U/V8!RH39&5W!19+I2H38VGW=18*C2H38E-E'HM<S;EW518*MFK

MGUC*JGZ]X/KU$\A;+


I3U%RYE5=9_TK+^








MR=?*2&E!P?3@X_P6&7YRX;]%:DHO!\,[P_4HCJ;SWW;U+EM6(KA?\2X7^#



!\*H?.+L%I9$?GB2YP;(/OVN0\%=H;K#T/YJ

MS]3!7M35%'MT-$
NN;%Y/)WNAJ+@=KX@IH


(LPFN*@_#LD]0CY*^9 S

MLWG%URQWATH^'YJ)$L



+4N#Z+D; *6U[MR


M?-C'8DFWDK:?#_N8+%&VOP2VOW@I*]M_2MM_/'F/10:P:H9N?
3$I7SVMTC3


(3.G



M'




<J6&G<.S&.NRYPE3F=^HHYC][&R[W;
+EW

7WQ@Q*ZQ@!
4UE2V'\G?S+GV78_-




M?2'V$Y4UKS_






MJQG(R*.]D6@0RSIU\B_R$;!&;R.E7DO'
E_PRJN4LO]/8+NTSOBV*;]5/$
MYBVEGTYT(^7_X/!NQ

MKG$?F%MQ0[ =Z3%7


I$2L\2#K20)X&T?



SK




M@*:K2B6R8(*'+%3

5?



;7L_Q*E&S!8%_8_BZG)7Z?5)@H
M/W'3ITKE#@_70@N_N9\S=@886%B+#?VQ-0DF:,$Q4\(TJ:A&V!YF MT#@_
MW=38^MN((HTQ!08$X3DB'#\@959
Q$NT


6+#

T(YX1/!5Z 2^G+P
=
)FY
ML=OC]&:\%F=G7([$N/*N:^F/ND#(F'*\&*(QULBAD)EI(9YZA@QKG)F'GE
M
#EP!8'J($$0?

#1=EOR


M 9HD%LS;+-&67=]J[0H.J M!3YGU5!!\Y09][X9(:

MBGT7-AB0A#)+WK)Z@9:

M+9OK?5G2W*GR(X!Q:4MWHHI[4STKC&C/D*!C-:$FJ@JJ4_EL@ BMM9#5B%G
MQ!Z_Y=TGUP 
\Y-R8RL_ZII.*DR\]IA\DZ.O!.Y.
%2/TF94(T-0.@+MF5Z
MO8M
!#??O87<:$<WXNGG[-
MV9#=^O\6;.01#Z\9&-W!*):8(RIV(+#@D=O29R+\U/^:XR








MQ-&(G\Q





 ^R[$P&?*8:K



[^AUOY'N
J4
.

WG$VU(A\
MW2%.&SCPH9N )4Q]
+M%;/3(=UNG^GOR)-J.!

M
&G8OSLVLQ<02&
MQ_9HE0OH-M%,]:)KUXM)X28780W-FIFA]5M #1FA&RAI.6FM-;C\498F%BK


MT;

RMI#1XH;67E$Z J+O
1(P#1-/^
M94<,!].PK




MO\(YN9^C2QS\$ UC0ZXEB08JEQC!7-) 
$HEZXLRM248KCS7TRO*DCEHOUVF


8S$GLB&@TOR]]ZA\&&<H$ R&XOE$3HEX*9=!R@W.T (T
M66.ML!];I!6\2H)MD&JRE%1V39EC63:1

 U@+&52AY9G')SC
MN$L/^69-M;7N:Q2'] G5W5M7Z#$YP]SWPO]#'FO73)^BAMQ1@GA5[J6
2BH&
M7F;81TF)8*&:2%YHJ?9S-32U9E']-25O ^5KNWC[BB&]\M=3*4VS7JU=V:U
M8EBE\ ,.$ EX^V3-X_-;M/4@VM$VJ=TI]27


MV.RI



MU$DG-Z[  '6.8[EM18PJCF8



M\OLU'4!%3F7I1O8BD('CDF0@O?2YNXU7P88CTL/;CWR)\3&M+F5*
[R2#J






^)5
M@HE



C_AZWJ:!_C70OKO@6V8PAR'HF7
Y5TU

A=
MIYRG*
@69V01HNV=X@2P(EX=4Y)R:+H*85;
]/);ZA8BK!?#/L2@67-*P5
N
M\UHE#

MD7



*0_0!W-(Y^:HXK%






&!?Z%U05WEHO



H)&9H#CO'5_A;H#@EJN[O+3*36'PF<!*H ?WPJ^E5*-B



M;+=J:JL]:78

M/.;31T]R_LK*FMYH-:N#F26Z+R):''^8].'9J7\6Q*^;P+.@'K1IYX_']0
M2P

#$X
#
S
5]C










!.J=ASO#T_9'\

M F5'K4F-:;C%L.IXG2(^R3L_X\$






M0M2X.BL(&HLR!TN*$O)WSE31M-/B3\2LQ$K%J^'%KH7\B;B!R+SF&WF-V3

2RE2/FT$2U\= L#*G+%&55
'II+4N$-HMQ('E/*T3V8H
M%QQ(09EN&:66 YAF4/I==L5%*(IEL.*&5?ST9 2!-.8Q))PR38/.8!G8I7
MV&HS''R3T.8C$K Y*(AYNPDH7^WZ;YOE3_]C3VZJ&JDG29$R/&X6AZAQY5

O
3#5
YL!3JV&%2A%JR$L/#
MAP?K-
B9R5928'

02\8!+GT[ YXAA5Z=6


M.U+1I:H':WE#WW


MC

M)0

MDT+0-UMGCZ@=K_O^HF\V?O@K(^GJ&@MQ'%V*M:V
3EDQQ%#7%S31#^5@+4-S
M6C#*TC[(+\9&28^2[-I2W[S[NAR$]4Y9(\&:DIY2)W8H*KM=O?O(KE+_8&[P
M/4XRY3JS^]I#@ #G$KHX4BX62]XPDCNMA0HB.'F/];.R6668#D'E4D]=%#)0

CPAG6MB@]%6R8;DP=$M-]0D'$'-




*@]=5'&U$JF-_/H-:OL'9Q3_SFUX0_J%GUN




5WH@L4S)$A802F9R1][&(MKZOQ$_'-J%PI(Q

M


MF-KA=?-Y@=IC91M

W%

MG?)BBFX:A75F07=0@I4KJK:VL

57RL]-*$_OIQNY]
:[))UMY
MXON\;\MI.NGO7ML3

MIPF+=1:%J=P%FG%Y14A

98\06N9=;ZRHC_*HE#F.

]MMES&@FUF^BPJ=DOI;Y1]










U4



4^[.Y\G,.IQV%7R
M!<;$Z

M)HQ-%1\;SU(DC?





M(J3!9@3C$!QRR/#T.?A4/DU(R9M&&/8Y*I!$@Z5B29O;\Y $1G.4SSVGD&1&
@T&59, 5#9KX1EX;X'*OA-DZTMG)XEOF)9=LX- RK_:WNMHSG5L]O=\LT
M2D6&)TT[OZJA+?91^ @

23AZ8+/XBRX_FX-?A
\
M'=@8+(4RR(-EH1GF%]TN*4]W2P0H^C
K3W=UO2ZXX\_VM5-[?[3WN;5[%)+B
MWNH;'

$T9F61IX14:(UW:5JO&/.6E&9;&L3S
3LB2!ESH
MIE4?24G;O2:/?AG2D)2F4W%XA


M+3(P
3@P
S



MK[^9?//FYW_^\
/-AV\^W9]_\_V;M_^8O/EI\OTOD\G__H^49G_\4_[?0Y23

+[[[_LV;'[[;MOZV:2[_FA2[



MOJFG+N(Q9RFY)?-OFA\_W5X]GPN:%=\E=/5=T^:[*$T%R=4(2T[FG:1N)U!2
M\*/\]O\ZZ%ELUF(;Y'2U3LFWWPTG*F&KB&:3%5D]$&Y(7NL8U@FE*Y+)DS*I






72:(-AE_ED$47K ^C-;X[A-[_^W$+




0'X3X(


=PVUY?!GW$IF%LA-4CJ05+7%+$:QYI0TL^7D=#4I=;^
MCG/&SQGG))9[O%?D-1HC*5!D@^2?)#D@R0?)/D@R2LD^0&WJUO)/F%Q93ZN

RC18M(F7KWT\MZ9Z7
M8@^*3XHM':7_32+^+DLNQ
2UT-?7]-2D7C3+6!-P0SAER:7X79MXWMO6+;%R

M1^377/V6K!F7
HJ4Q%KY%*0Y(I








M2+_A+GC8L;O'^D

O//N;

BU2&SL%X^TGC


M_US[6N@Y8




T


V0EXMH]B[
M[
*T7B.CVK #+4_(92'-Y0







M


L0*AJZI]PI6E2W7B4Q/NWK&Z?+5XR+FZRO


MA.I&



M1@





^A4*390MLH

M/(.C
#@*]1 '1V&GHQ!NI?/@(_S')\$'4N6BDG,)Z2JSJ?K*E0.XM)C" D
M. Z#XS#Z?,ZR1\(+*IC-I3C;=X13DD]O1?.4GNYZZ9^=IE.?3ZA\*;^+



MNCZN0/P
BEYW! ![@S( /48. \
!U[DI-'MY@%.NRC0JZ*

Y\%OJL1(+2P$_BR45Z@)Y+^!EVL/R$YW8/\[/B$



LF15+PF^8
M(&AW5










M6HAS+_8:O)B6F0D;M'X+ M






M

M
46
:0
;\5P

&]IW#O&6KN/KQZ/T_R
M\B$G?Y;R5S+!7*'OS%.



I3


M9

M0?


M.265L4TF)6LBO7QF(-&


*/\U2DLR
MFU_23&BB-$JO

!

MD]_+O*C*3)$\YG1=')A@CG$9#N/C56A
A-0FWQ+ MF)_!Q\@JC+$@C2VJ'5B

MW%

M@CR9[0@(79%(,A_( 5IHG,#(?^%+*60Q
J365FZ!V+RA.K&*3EI\&A:K
MU#38[P:= *SBE
H$!

MDE16OUX'U+#1@D?JY7FD0/M&?SN

\I$5QQIE
%Z/(S:QH

MX+1T3DDRS7-2Y




8WXGA
39S(.H-X

M+R


MIN-X-1TWU]V6UL9AJ&LMUADE&(A?GH$XV$^#_3383X/]--A/^^VG T6C41M0




3
'$
M%$Q






E
M*W

MH\'*6\Z+ \5-_.M8:1._^OPA^IWQW1RT\#MU(U=$?I6U[]K7LNOOCDBKR_)U


Y
MQ[UM1T2RGVUQ*[

MB5 +I3;QYI=6$$9]/4!+?A?

:Z4WS918= 8/J ^



MK%/S4/P]9WG7R8=VPP'HHYAU
TP=/7W 6G


 K[P2AP[W:B? O\!P'64)6#M5



]OVQPNQ

RO.I:CHZPOUS_%_)DL9I1QB\NI&W-Z$OY0&E&DA[$+K
M03$AD 94LNT EFQ05
$WC.MP&U
P+9'WBQ
D.GP:8RPU9('T]9#
&+LM?0P
M?9



B&Q%0

MH-F[
+/+[AX%)6E!M6$'6IZ0RT*:RP?($@*$]G=4QZT_$0&J ]=OP#V\(6 ^


4;'&+63_&$ZO(X:8#&H!OG'^CVMXW'



]H.$I9@#!Z1_0Z?DP
MG/L@^B4?!A O21Q;ITT)P6IS!KGUF)M#6?[ZVNW)AEK8/J2&;O5QWNQ:X
M@&XU(&N M!-_.)8PK0$=EM4/BAJ;*#
X.P44.#H1ISO7&!02%FD&4K\'B@F;




O

-/+^

M^R1?



+*I#

1[.1+BKZ^^TI6Z^*
98DJ7U)W
M.]\^ID]9M!)S)

A

:/F0DS]+^5[_
ML2MG+*BM=])[I




M4YFW1






M$GODX).5='=


6\?9D5=K]W$




M5%HK@\)YQ/E&J!1?A I1OS'LH!S0 PF




)G!0L2:A


M]C31[CT[3Z
\GU;_4$1=#QS+-9XSBWC:QCH=GC.+ZP




?;3YE]


K@ U@:T#V;!?)1':^P6_9B

+X7GQ!AN.W-'_[@$S
&


M0O1;B'Z+/K^;SX7 
9M?7UW.WD4\$Y+)+H#U+
II?$2/9B^[--(Y._[:!4W+
H*KQ[%4
M;,E1^;Q
1(&1N:T


SC[K75!\S6K
M78VSN3)F'=3''Y3J!)/DGET+PFI_VATIBK3M]!OU]11L^Y%EG
0EEU$NZMW6




A+NX^EBLH
MB


KM@@]:O43
M

BH'N$8SX(%H=

M[%^8E





M





M

')?@

!64.N3('C!
 [7:F
M=0^





K


\9WPCY^&M

M)7\5EUD7Z3W-_0 H&HIZ



3IK)QA4GZJ!SKP)10;7-]&9-:$0M?1]=-[P00O9JIX#
M(?Z$#J*&66ETWO_P]E9;3 DNT=
ZA(RT3'17/!QKOW')@\?KATD4_UG2O/I(


MUY% NXIM==3?OIC =C_^FZ1#:.,W[.#X=[9^I47T8QK?LUOTK$#4_G5 K

'=/+9\=-R3
<&CV


F


:P

M-+C-'J\!T/D3Y-45OG()ROQH56YFLC'RU%!L\4DRI))'*UI$:5UH\&62L?





*7

R*HU$T^'<LC[^R*9(DCZ;

6HCBNC]4ZAS8^-
M;/+:]\@I9Q#VQ1 #%&* 0@Q0B $*



V?U8EWLBC;3J^2U_V
!J#%SMXL://

+&GOAB03VLT%:%U5S2+
IBP:(.XFL4U '[


M?7WWE8C+[XQEB8(@13L[= BF?




;=5?4




MM4/GM KY;'XWE;V%2$?T&

64ZJT
H!$]
[)LZI

MF$/74

OSSQN74D:J27=WNT]
O.Y';
(NL=]UD&WVK30







M1FJ*
Q?U1FIR


2
YDT
G(9);
CPCJQAPTD




MU8





MD^/@B\&H^Q)3+R0TKUD[2;9770?-RK9(2*]80UJ109)[=A


L#[5L[(0NG


$IC%[H_!_:X !2'+KX


M))K'/C+W2_7 A1Q)Y\

M('G]0C$7$L(1
3I=?+S5R8O9_+T\
M

M&G4U\T]P[[

G*V5 6IHZD/L:]^RIVBQ.:!;Q



M 1)MI;[7G#W22HUF\Z=_L5/L'#R^R^0FPV@
L1.O*';DI^\+CAX21*I$U;V
M ,%&K@4%*=2_93*$;Z!FV/#!&;)@6%?JH@G0;9=S]FJU]D[.*/U
QK#']0G





RW01X 7J'P$#3!GK

MM%34D88

0=F?D)TKS@-
M-ZM*M4#W!G/(@323/-P]OC3%!G3.X'N4:0BXQ5V([SVF-C9]FPT4-&()FS

@N=!BR2TR#;'A0L6E&J+WH(AK&-4?5@1%B%Z(
E<:#Q
MP

+E-U=PP FX376KNOI4\(2 L!:2$@+02DA8 T
M]S9
/1UUO

[8+CBQ^S(H5;;SA
M9/HVA/&&E=FSA(TX_LS(A3'B\#

M^NV;R3RB?/(H#90R5%Q\

<M!TNSE'LXURQ;WA*\NR,-^6W6 4+9U3_J-.!%2
M8N

;BG'J]RO1)NL%[
D:J$R
M'[K9\X.LCNZ


S+@]S(#APVK[=D*;Q%BR
M1N#ASP^;B9!:R8+Q364?I*MU%-=)0')I.DSIG(FI*I8L
3;)GN3K3NVM)T00

E+ZDL_? K68A-(D2@NWK_M
98Z'2Q0MT-)^N(
MD^12'HE^ROJ;6Z'J+HOB/_JIZ6[F7LM4IF?TG7WQG/$UXX*YB4U517:KHP35

M=)+=VLH]N;MB2O5$*I)=*UIZB
_KJA@T39(Z#4D'GA']Z!NB1!OR\Z]\=_
M]F CK^15O%%V68$I(*PMPFV6GH4X4X@_H$WBP@.W@

M_ 9''EVT:/MZ
!.-#I4_P\X&'4EP9\\B0I5??(9_-:X^-1J?K;\+CY8&&R)J






T\V_22H$%GX7



-\
&\Y% OC5'G%C(DO-G1T&SEP\X^5+(P/(_
J;@49Q.

K$R8JY7(L+4O]7Z%Z!_/^N9$[B*]=W' 7N&5
MHB&

M\6#(=_*19=*6OS\@6;)C@Y7WI6]9=/M[R$0CQ8H;)L@@!6VJYM3&BKRQ74AO



2
MO84^?;P:NJUP4LC#4IP@X1'N9D@C
 G= 7
:AFNNYLA&ZC.91G.O)L^5[0<?;P'GWC&*T,E-!D4T] 7CX=.++(]

0UP2'
M.X^%:T( =9P*2/S-6+BEYC281W2



M&VE8F\V


4$391



M7=B&T4V)I0#OCI,4^IY5$_Q;Y%'O&AM;)&@PZ7[76)H:)WB'2)42ZZ$.
MD2[*F[%5/T''20R #2F3@


M#.E1VE$A78(I[.69PG[=


YHI




M
R83@\1 \'H+'CR !@@G0O5!2TWQ83TG?


MN%A%I

MDG]:2T*JMM^W5N
QZ*D3R]Y)ZWG-= 2_%5+L(^$%?4C)4[E(0:]V;RLTWT3B
M0S%=1T55PU:?;)

M3J


O%C7-\/BN(V1F-XA7K/.I;C;AEQ\A ) 4IN
,L))!C:;5[Q860RJN^&HB/9?KZJV<524396<J;NA5Z+/H$2?X2Z


$R(2LH[S%EVQ&2



B:NJ7BW6J=L0\B!T&( 7C$*AMQ4*D1(
KW6&=[V5&LW]A:\-Z)F0D
B!X

75S

M32(#OU[: W21$21C!9G\



Q8RI23 6AOA:Y=^3 %+1UM[.1H(2D1
M#'!59HU$W]@Y5/0 ^UBA[U/1)

MSJKB$E7!B'.Q%1=
!HLI4!F

C4E1JEN6V[.F( ]1NABV5!DNDCX6*^J_78+P1\ZP+'
M\95.8L\SSC:-4-ZF.^EU\@]F2Y5R0\(ZO0@P_E-_7-(LRF*AV&SU!T&J^+82

81)P 
ZL;NB?_ 



O&;K7



EFSO#AN
8GVSZYMOCP;
M\%G?3]

J\]9S8'J1.4 2YF@_@*Q@P%X_Q F
6T/0%'


9@6U@;UV/(6JAY9?HT52A.ETMHA#G:W2#6-F

6%L:1F53M+N%
3A0@UDXF(5?GEGXA2;RM:'BC=3N:UF-

$%     @ VX3=3
5P6)NMEP
MJCX( !8   !S96YE82TR
#$X
#
S

M9F.G*B+=W=4]



?<7%1IM;_.UZS8@O?(A*$-CT!DC*
M
M@H6-'
^6C6IH#/LCY'M1AUN@0%+5E=Q')CY;AAZZ?YV:?[W_SW%C?AR(G$


M8*2C@W2$D(82TI 20+0


7LI54J




!_.&LI$_B
MY[27:H021!U0E@52A=*/8$)



D63
M13$2%AG_$!D





'(LK+-2T*
MFKP9:]C0-A[,CZ*RK58&CW%ZYG7,U4M10,?&6(-*C:$6.:(]HE9$7(0M







!-6$[U;8)&D*I

=6THV7582=KQ(&EY '&LBG_U?'@:W4Z'
MK%E!(E+N:)RN4\[-=B<FW*;(@M+?!+M5FP#L[^*7FL%'KTAJ/


2LHRLS+YK(0HC
M;.?D\$CYX#'ER:&$3EM!1_G(W08HE*.!0^GSL?MD:2+C%^\A^8 \K42/=185
M)#D4$H4CR/
1:PYUBDA;ITC\GL.EQ3
M0QQ)9DHTL[D\7H\AW)0E%%UV+G
M+





MK ZK_8:EH'_S3F8\U?PO6)G6TYIC:T2/@^'^Q#3-U! TD'\L@G*
-0
?)!

M?3]L8UX_RGGE] EBBI@[WNY9



M-^N_

@_8S#(!9DA]%_@QHVY.20#7?)CSRK]'6S_76^1;
5T+*!R;TF
MZ5(45*E:(LD[061WX;#L^EE6! G:KA5==B







;VK/V


M5A12UU(O
T&/GJ)SL2]+\BAHA;XBQ\2&R0J=MV#

MY7%9( 



#/E
MFD
A.7\LJR**7^X\IL



+U
ML\OO)&:



JL 9#Y


OSK7YBLWX3UU8%G]

M22$@ 2(7M(RD_R=+G@:1/\Q*

M\W;\J14#)T%Z-W$2[1*


0@!)DI(&LZI2



);WM.EF)Z<==P^SU',;;1 6]X'0E
MDS 3\2M/.B@ QL8/_%_O!)HV#GGZ,B^5C#K=S-NC4I42:^*\_K:L,*)N





M?8B^P.OH-!EOWCW^(=X6OP#HZ[A^BAES++=!/R)

MJ:P KQE?]4EU=4-Q+(I




MACU




6JOA


!Z-TF9M+

 8JZEG/?+

M_^




!6#.XXMHB-J*YR%W+J!TJS;<M_WS!9!DU1)*.RA7I

_8D%TX







MF]J*R





M.!  \1=19%O0T$C2C/L
!U/#1;]^+M**GB7LL[Q4E/
2 :NH%'6?9#KO4?T0




M!7F]KR5+#


MI_VWM*J:3D(/'//YEW3
&U%].J.AU4N0SB/T72.K*]'(O27P!SF+LI)5N9



M7+09I4UHU;ZI:KOZMO
DVRBAY-5AMO!%UC1&WT
I\N:]5YO)JZA%WBLVWH%_


MR$M[Z 
E%.KPF:&8-S]JUKO/O^D4L^P:!1\2&(=#:

:ZQJ;R^B%Y GPW?7\D6^[
MW#$QS188&.H@N[)%X;R$C#+#\L_+NG8?8KUFJN4P/\.E7);O:N[PT0]I#H_R

S=ET\F4S#0025;P

MG_L


MD6_3X=BR09IH?#DCNO1@G]W
PH%QN.XJ/EJ

!Q@AKV0 .A7W8T%^_AX%F*[-:;'0@+
M)=]S%H[970V_&G!'175]ZJ\?RBBO(Q$R\ASV6;S9MW[W8C8(R @9=T DZ^M
MR8 DS ;E=

[


YCQAPC^ P29]AJA@IV



M(&?D-(XU+OTGD:L)[OG5]/MX0Y
Z ]OSHL$2='!Y@.CE&N# 8&T2:H7*M6
M2XO89X8:;'''!@@BH=T;U/HP&TSW*\I0U?

5V1&#'/T2*Y2E

6%LPY
M3!-
$_9I\

M4]@ BO8_YB#WYZO

Y

M(L?8!$NSP&BT;*O!]?!]4W

M=GB.


MA;VOHJ(RC$:

M2+NJ NT\

;WZCX7])J'Z(#F)YP

U0X

M;5EN'+T+
0HSY5MI.6PL9&CS8E;^RWB\-0
1J !8E[\5]_';L0
AZWQI1)67


 Z#!8.4<5-T[MNJ'!.Q.+%&
MKP^SQ72_8OT ;?GJ8G]?<9;?;R*^=N?QW^JTH,F(!&N,0 JK K(OQU5! L9=
MMSHC1,SQ4\$ 2LB25@1O3DY4C$= 6(('GKO

M_GJU+*9CZ1!GE8U)1]D5.B9S7I;U5FP4)7?YD\LHB^M

!
2&\JA
^%M)/IQL%T5J1C
LSHC).S)7=1)0(@=QW;



MLZ)3=K@_)AJ0O_@3(D9?D(=#]*J'MFTOG)X7
(%\1A(YV$;B9=(Q$)DP=,E5[[/E%I\92;,FWQ32.<T&H8
FJ5

/HT'P(=:71IWHANYP5;;!Z;3&^


WA7EQ] 2VF
M

M#M8]:G\\_5'R-*=/@-?

M#QZYQE=^-\


OPY[X
MMR S^(*HU=V/+3/1:^&X;C?_YUD5??G*K(I].[)0RW%1E_PW9<DI?DQSZ7B?
MYXFHMB;]\K*Y1S.I(X6:LUV&&'W=/G_@19/E'#9(#\5T5X6WDGSBHE?W7/:

P!6^;3B
RO@C-N^M.W1)
\)&EI"-_@]QD6BSR$3=ZX#@4X:+^
MGV=$B0


'N8'CO^MJVY.@I8-S21!4UXCLEII[IKNG:2*$_:P@]+

9\=4AL-[BK3WDY!=

)(C4]:([Y.BXP \SRZ_:\



M'!I:U.07B3S


M/]7KR:



M28





MFW1'?@$:PEPR3S*:F7(OO%Q=L2WW4 TDZWB 1=F2@ -(%\=-?I'8ER-7+]@\

MRE/%B3DL
4@MD.T\] ZQ\^]B[2EEJ8/171-HCB!98+%IJ2P)TG@-93.(N
M+7_EU,$OHB?Z9D2-=8;@.T^,@O9U9%71@#FRVIT3XLAZ1  !E;D0$.H/AK3







$[][;TCCZE8
7SZF.T'2H.
MH/H

J

MH\1.3@

=
Z[+B
G2NKRG3U$FA7X@T;Q!<+&O(#D


M3(8B38\.E]A9AU:, =&-W-$7.:TA+3%7P4M*])2LR) #UG,1&?U7^:_WTA

=A2[A/P7=M4PX$+

M0S


079;2\H\\TK^E'


M2[@^11$NX?J4%CL)U[/F.
?=%8A)W-3=U.F!ZBWC6B%:RHSK*5[ZU39XS_1




MK=JBDO#&&*^T:RINAK9KUWE%^=*8.;9#@ZQ9MCYPUY+7XEJ2;1MDKM*XC7
L

XZ5:M
MAJ8\3[+8\V/5IJO837Z5ECLFFP#=K)6.EM88[-5%6Q?KI22(SO9'E6B!1K


/].R[&0\X. ZU]P:L*Q9OHF\#F_!^DT7P2MX*I/)R;GS?KI+H?2\!GQ

!N
O=S00N(^ZTU0L2)/DHZ5
M[$MQ1 JA 0M=&*X%F\=@OT+Z[OK=3?OZ8W^^A7Y;(Q*I^!(I?@
0?465!E!C
M0DE69H#(D'^ (4%T024%S( QX2H)?(@JN O?7W&?9T34ISZW4$^@#]9?28&$
%V,C[=/R.2$HPMM;^[+&5SG%?_SMG[Y_\T__K#51
M5]JE*V8




MOT3E*





M)?U;S;GX%O+!U2TW5=]B'[D


8



M(3A0ZI]:#.'
/KYHXO-YCADR?V4O7E0N[UACNFJ#YQO44@2WG
J#SN3W]JRG
MGX/.B/T

; \DP=O-ABB9H-^GB_PB*0M^6IJS;,SB6@1(_*_C2K2$@X:[
M4)A,7I<;W=16H +<KF!:N?CQ9.


/U1._\P)%$4@N;[1XGGB0MYD*%)@




5

_HX.B$HRG
M:D(?^3$%6FA/^)&V:343]4!$(IY#M\A6)%RSJ1-!9%/



M798U3=Z


MTMU$_T_3X;9VTA$TSN]JQ3U5;_/IX0_:5\!T&50[D!9O TOIQVBK?I^J





M.='\+_ SI*V35W4IRJV\E@_Y^33(X[[M;
;R
DRW



MZS LCWK
YIN]?(8W;SJ

?1]Q(:P]AE#






M+3!@

M35SFO4^YEB2R1Z?X QV_'#





I1C1DDSJ ]3EXN

M)

PVOP.?6



M^/7Q!=MN)QG*C+CD05SHTTLR1G
))K_%B
L83+_B$BI[8)JES(A/@3VKGPI6
MCA784G]LR[
20(

M_BH;G@9I\


43NF2YZ,7U<UIM+FON&YI<9W'60UIH#R_/] ^D?D:08D
MI+ A,/J*FB%(P[C47CB \*\;N@CH6DI(Y\Y::2E;44ZZDA+'IED@R
-GB.[


\REIC75[L!RIF3:57

M;)_QGEL66L(E.Z474085/^\WE%;R+



(D


M/5Q&[Z(T(85T5Y9Q3S#8-7]@(IK@0(][](\+;F/^!-CR61X9_#CN4&=(ZN

EIDH1YC
7D]\BI&(4IC_A/7T<IJ=S(A'RE3<)XD*9R)


A=5\'0@YF1&3WHO9M1#K;R7&4;A_;5,
MTI!!D['_*<QMF9EXV%
2PL!8E;D0





G
Q0LKCVD_B*</J[1Y:QG
M(]W6S'V?YO2:_W/
$1__$&M:3P ZMYHM1O(+X0:2 ;.


MJBK2Q[H2.W;%H

M
4V?864NZP*694S6

C\D9(G 7D]

M9O$XU&I\+=ICU $)!]6[GGCIJ72=EW413?997YQ2Z#=@FL-O[T[^BQT-@HYJ




MWG
_1&GD3C] RLT!D/
R3N!;!;5' TQCTYSPO_+:_KGZXQD2X=\#%]*Q'(=[
M@K/

M)! W6-\#

MZ(A$'B;JIF8F

M-@H@%R\KFQ:K0$#@IJJ3(L-

MD![#A_KG3'
QD+A=[/M%U'\J6+WC_H:VY&D.GRN$$VC\R:-X+M[00@0QI*5F






T= /D!;/


MD(+Q1YW

:5)^8[/^3;:






M*^



8,($.(WEBL_B[],U&V;]Q
M+CAO&XZ?3H_H+2=D2O'L-9RU[83O$_G0A(%$X$2=T3[^)3:A_12B\WSV-NHE
M<(9UVU4,909<I/T=F3E1PZU$REN)B!F)K3IH%JZ^^)V+C@OQH2FH+EZ1K(V
MD)EGSG3/:MDE_E[0ZC.E^1U]IGE-?ZK3!!K*7.=R[[F@:U; 1


(T%3H^;%@



U




M22+'I2$J; P4N4[
#O-#O$.&#NM0FW_H=:'
M.EN







MYHQ %]:G'.
ATV1



75%1'Y4O%32A:..CN8\
MJU1S0Q!$S+*C9#]QGQHWSZUE @#336UP5H 2(9[
!O_]:O*'*-ZD.2WV_0YT




E8;/X[/O


#W=VR8( 1W;K ^._3!H2-C17J$D):2D!=\^D+&T+SU

C/3%_0IS2$_CCQ&6339

75*X&3/6*/!
MV+(=6DA<BU^/C(HBJ'=&
.U8/



M*

MFQ27$7DT&HLM
M^Z&#P]?&HT4



.J\;TX9?6VSL3.(TX0@PA[$)F6L!F







I?XX*NN$GDI$N5=K?S[Q=.8'K



2R#?N3QFP!C_C'ZWZ8D'W.(3Y:5Z0JHKQL.JQ6
MC(B\ T 5LPQ @^?=FK2F''V+N: RY_*[Q^*[:\XWG0;%2E?I(C#BVL _<B*






.=;

7\C-U93+$0@NY6.+:^993












M


M




M^


T)8MA.#LK

M=1X9?7M)6O)6Y



*A@




&2



MT6EK?Q/X($ (4>N[FBUJ]0WN1&Q/7U1HSTDL$



MKSBQMK1BLKH-60@:;5XCJ& 8D6]]U6I=&8^B

M&4TZ' 8AQYQ[.!EJK
#/\'Z.A$?'DMFD?N7O+/H^3L8/X079H!:'L-G^ZLQ?
M\(W

:7=\7/Q0ZJ#O.&MLVX=T3U(RVOR-+@?KPA2UBL]PO8

MXZ\X'\BYOZ(%Z

M
:Y9
3FK\;J
+ZH
]I6XVRJ

+;K57(!'K7P#=(;K=-D)8$Q*W:T

M/'_NMZ^=NM_TZ7'L?6L1B]OY=K'\='QOXW
0K'KV-:X.M\S
J]2K9D]^8EXM



:5'T;
.K@FZS#N_VO2TYN%-]C%+29'V
MY=Y)DD.!F0E]NO)K38VJ





-N=
MI;5-'4V+^=T.SP&_W[V_N[U7*0RZ\BN]6ZET?V$\RBH7%E9)\R[6YXZ'Z'
M  _4(M+[$% \Y.E'$!%!)=TA*%*YYXY+3N\+J0^@9T0O'
SKJ\!K!=-%LM6C



'1E6MF
'
UE'ZQ&K[S$#:)4%N9DIS4HK32#<P#S7HF_K:SVT_K
M3)*6)S5%SV!U)X0=L5



T ?

M;
1?1XTK1&TMO]5D)SG,TAD8+OK-OT3?- O'
#L2]]F53-<PR*^PKC+?X6@TVVW1<#1-


 !V;'H:

Q
37XLA]O:ZZL]80_)E#/69B'S8+.07J2\2]_


Y-B

79*T3:G5
8J%/
VQBOR_)'L/-21_YW!3'DB:D@BJ+_:2*



M6C

H?=

NN/ 
ZHU-@L



9G%S!



MB+-6@%86:A&:X[


MWJ=J-U3I

M##[;,C2(P=_]:$+2*(OI0H?K6Z28LCR][&E%('\V37P%&U;&R;-$%L&4LV



M);?-_;C



7(:7C[H
& 9=NQAQGW

MU:/;


M@6[BX[-+CV

M89D9U[U2%0=[#AMUP TDQ2HQQG*.]?%D5.XHTV1RH,01@6%KL/,6$?0@:66
MW:V@?3 [%1#








M3RU8U
$-:]XM

AK)Q*:H(TN^-

Q]T(9E2M!:&=)@3



X'?*UF

/'FRK]LDXR^[I.0V@



097&MJA##7%T( .*


&(6/
MP]2;(FJ%[^:5!2C _2G;'^JJK_MVOV//?O[\8#+\1RR-1_J51U0 . GETH%
M$XV:!$[HTW!]$20P*3S7,CJ?X -/$)146F0%79'4:[)L_11R2_8(J0$=4
M*A'U6_F# \U3QM8@Q1C62!G59[H;4_G*XN%9?2Q[IO(RS%F\I7WP[
+7K@W
ME4?X]+8.SRN6_;RIO';^ CAGX7:&:5NHQ]XZF=_3JI(%VIE1Q-]ZH%5=DCH3

=MEB7!.=[^#A?6$/\\Y?H
A8^)4]HZT

WKG[S#)=0VK-BG(GI@5#O8'%A+5=A P'UFTRE*

PV7+
M82()Y167NA4IIJ

SGH-XY!2#9TKL4$2'=Y(
M8H
D1B*$GFD!WEXB0H+UKPFPI/#Q3_CE^(\']%]??XV: C=I!LJ2Q]-_23XG





W*M^<#.C]A#2!^(1M?ZM65





MP/



M49+7


/V$?O?




M(WI!UNB;_WMV?_--\

\$


MX\U#M$+K

I002M##\'ZSXY0V)PJR L96%;QI;B)^7;- _IX]T/PX[M_
M?&7QMQSU;[XIH:
D0?=H\8WX[Z?[ZQ??9'Q6HG!!2
S^$9'U=P+Y[W_\\=UW
MHO%WG/ 

GS=S'@J?Q#\$;#\%W[^K9O5_




\ZJD=W4I$V\F#KS

 3OI@H!]




9IB 4=

M=Y)P.3ZDY1PV[X^&=N



=&))?

M



2;-\3)XTQAO4R4

ME - C_'9X +YE?!U2FO;V2$V VBV;:P'AZCVH\*?2TB*U684JAY_ALW:
P
MN2S\-!69&
FTQK;F=C @G8[V#@82D
($L4I(NT7R$TK:U@#I7*H.^17V*64;

M



6NX-71+TBZC.0RKNWUR&$F



=AXW
MI9.?5M)G9.2I.&I;PXYW\UYW*Z(YIJ'@F;PF2LBFR9JLJ @5T0636@@.19@
MBRMOPB7ZCJD
4_](NHM)D CVQV
G:55+.$+K(^$-5=66G].NOXS5
$86UHW


XQ#]$*Q3G

M$]!R

1U\5/ 5H1F7
%8!T^$4O(%ITME%X9\
ME'%=&1!:O$OC-%T:_1A1SOD1A;.K

))/:;M#4T3+7]?0-+4@
$0/65P*VY+


M/=N1LY6^1B=K:IYPJ7E=WMB (:O*WKPBE%]LK



[





&U^4.Z&&0$
M[FB=!F?D5OTY;\)_:LX\B_P



MO0W$38B%.%\4M







HP&#^


U\L3., ?=UP_7 /(UBW4AET9)5+G32OB7E-S!(5QA$VC+K(FIXZ5G+
\S^
M.D-IM%J'M*40.K;#0QM][3)BW2#NEG!T,G0HV7USTL8$.0I+;&WO:8N*W/
M$39,FBP/)^F;Y2(M_PGN-SY+MR3]5^N25H8
18+D4$-=E@G [;5D
N\U1N#






'(P*H

HB-/LZ?5RACSC^PB=&



DC5]J:3T^^45UO?MC


:D#O+[1
MQ.




MDHX[_L
<K UA8?*!DGS#KM

1!OVP0DC$-


MP7D?7(VMU_O@3LD'UW92$^4ST15D1A;W2
]BN2O3 # .0H0-5YPR^OOUM+UW

:44E\#

$E:'77=QO-^^_=\]^#UHTM
MRT&#6%B
U[2\/P


MKX!Z!=0KH%X!]0JHD@+:4;HRHH7^&(31YQRS(M):5[F4#C*NS@@@Q:NHZF
MCS3'679&B2@G*'GF0])N6)54NEQ@FB9@Q8TI*)_EC!_)C


M6KRAS'S



O

F##HRAI1049'





A7%*VX.+47&&X(8X_D#!UR'.?/B-YR=JXP
MB\+DOU%(56$:Y?



M-?BX#M$.)'HGJ?E
:WI@SD?.ZR,,4UI5YS&WP6)9]NSD-]8$7I8(91]H3?

ZWCM^

M0FJ'E
/-&!%^+M(ZLX!_BR

A&!#A)WHA@@1$!
EU (P)\
K_%Z
MC5=%A=.0E\96S%A%;(!QD3U1VCO#- X^YV&%UMQ&8115*3KJZMJ788?37GK
M3J17YPP4D/U]-U5\9_V?_43-JGE2JB2K,]1@RFF7Y=BJKG9?ZUZC\QK==(@]
M+8VNT^[V.I[7\;R.YW4\K^/!BP/IXYF/' !*Q\E$3GR#]3O,1
/Y5=X*X


M^AC[(_VB7


MU?U]'-)NPS6705_

:LT^;F(LV0M3]_GTM\5I]#; 6

MH)RA!:&(W_*S18;H(]G@Z)?O?Y%NI3Z''A^8#_SP$J^^S-.'

6C?&.^

A8QSO@KI\DWPB^XP06IP
5RG.
-A
MMLDLJTQJ\D3.+S\O4A_(S*


 Z3R\*-R97QC5!L&X]#





DS9O
H [C4Q^V



R

=AH);MC

 [Q





%#R$&&

$\RYT+ WG%#.Q3!NZ1/
MRNC'R72N1K]N*=.,'UC0)/X66 & ZI.L&TDBZNV1-
.U%P )U@N@G0-W&*



G&7H'B)RKQ[QBE\0%S2Y6L@V=ZC
M#1=G4#S/5HCNC\G#TF\ZCCJ

DF=Q?[V\W63O1(/Z&(DA2^.G[0T2

S*



M:*41^JZ2%GZ]_(K6F^R


M';RL)Q3E9\HZ=4(A@!I.Q1.



M!.;:VA'0;CW'U1U_D-7$MC2T.H5(REJ7(NA!SRH9I3Y

MA[3[




R^]
M=3VB:EO#G?S2:CJ?
]9F#*9&-S?&*Y'$6F)7HA.)0=)T))Q1' G1LG&#L
M
@
:


MVW MBPQH[V +$])( $@7@XQ46N
9/^$7.*O;3;/XSYQ5I_WKXZ7I.A_J
YHW

M4#$UD+H81UR)+(



HM)$
H-\)JK\
MKDCYX4%Z'





S&AD:)/H

3\\KO(L

MIJ*JMP(O1[U




M.!IEH.


P]'^!3:6

_!
N'ZM*XL(TP7/RH


$




M?X(I'4IJR FF:4 U@!/

6!H
M6?R
TP6AZS*=H:L#26G4D3U&&K1Y%]%H+J)2DCD\2%'K



CNRG_Z;7-E/_J


M)+FU[4@D[];D
2$-:Z*U[?C6?WXTB%U?'@KWF/UUAM)HM0[I7[7 JW:S@:'M

M)P

CJN])-+FFF+


K
M34I_6_/Q&7A!C+RF2EU3D^%]+^GA:WF6QE694$FT%K787:*]SB 3+QN:P'I
MTE_EM:&R=^MA2BB_!J9Q7_F+!/72U





4'!F@G\J5-3-&A)+EB\-'*&D$X4 ,_<8FZ1IX343
M6/)+0


+T[6IH5FB'P_G<_EP )LOCGX'X*9E!+,1O5DRAS[
MK3VL80.\WAK[6

D;3,3Y6WCC(CBSJD9Y'4
ME6D F&\@]Y$K9G/]_7K:_A43BHLKZ(Y_$L)

&M4R=DG1I!,K9<^;)9,C:$A%0H!MU(%HG!O!O_^$I43GI&I?B']('$8=5

BNJPH3W-^/+OEII6Z3I7[&RC4_3GG

B3).2+F
0K

&UMW.2/B.:8;YR[G8[Y$$0(RMOK-J[EW1Z40@#



HPKYD8@$FU*I2OA## XX.8(5R(:8+@HV9!<<4EW6#*U=B(P+K^Z@(N

MBB

I]./&9 EHI!HCZ?5_.5LJ%IJQJ

$
WM)TXGW
.5\'$[9F L'=5@49[B

*TPB3JE?M07B6FJF4T
S!8?_OU%(K_S0N$/T'!P<@^
M!9JOTUM^VCQ^0<DS^DC2;6K(:(]YF3 Z&\Q'
::%O




(7?(%0[9(/$MYF#4A



XR *

*

M*AI:FTQ

8J*_U
MS
&78]L0UK-ZG0H1J!!^NK![-
P46.::1A\L[X:9 
N%9MH#SX=QIL#T%]('

5NA@^5P43!
%$X;/


MD1Z]1WKT8R/SH1X^U


VF\.@=;=Z B&[;U#

A\FK[
MJ[&C\!7CU764:?6Q_ 8KL

^

$K(1
WC+)_ C6C^]J1NBT*


M&(ZR'U0I^V$ RA[#KY=?$;]GSD@:2PB2M.N'#G[RW9 PE9%0VV38R#G=\QH6
M





M





M=_QZQV]/CM\N





MIPS

M?DJ0**B3
E1$S'; IG%





9R20V7+6\AJ(-8LX9+JY\X@AWLZV!
WY\H






MFTT2BEE#_%_5X[_!4TEL$(G'LS6]
%V^
:XOICNEWB-CWB/3919A?IGNZV1
MJU'-P]]K0C/\=^E&7WS@2X;=$
8:;:\*(QBUK+;160A5#X@^XPB)!\W+:$E-

MI.D^K-]]1H]M%90C+)OHZY0H48L4[]6#NZCK9P
PM


+Q

MX:B!9&E;2TAO



G=WYZYV=3Z6JXL<<58& L-WDZW=PVRIA(3+-.N1N5@0$)[0/DB$QC


!N2JJ 3#N-2)@


MB9I76
M$JOUCK8A=?N6KA0LO. WIMK#YW!+^US3CMP^G;[FKC]4 P8!?-+D'





\7N7%AW \@Z7

M7G]1H#H?%

M#[=:[

MH
/P FIT-MCNXPKPH]\&(6


.8WUCJV;C


I7&E1+%++O^3+=HI52H(=/O E$!2

?604/V !2+^'25Y.9)*0+V$:@:6C


;@



M6CN#M=#G9E&6A\D]RG*:SM/B-RW!*(H#6

DQ6'R@6\




A?-'




 =::NPB#Q+GA_/$V9XWVJ#L8



MU?3





LCLMB

@E ?;PKQ;M2

(J@Y8SA?
M@=7PM-E7AG


MML@6T):-$_43F$NG4[Q#CXP1K,C_Q?_Z;7OB_]*B%RDCFMWBVM.3W;FHU*


MKU$9;C1'C#I1WL

M&F-\@\



(BX,AC1N+D[UM:07ECV06
M?<[Y.MK9\Q'C9P-'6-@7R[\T&<95AK+U\;$22BGC0.8Y5


MX=(H# T/*


M C().K?!I
U&6X
M_=N0*3!<1@#CW)W0TT_'M.5_=O)9@P.TG5

=$EX'P5(FL


M;N]@KJ!Y]=:

FSQMI4
$\N0=G:I
.@ULC_!%@Q7;0:\=6/?*P2Y@?BNK0?RVR?B$




M 5

^6E$M@@]B-+.HLA0[7H#




A3PT5*(70G;T%A'

MJV64-39J19LD(5^$1L?OCW-^R.-
1'E*O1F0+MZFZYY-]_?=:MXO@/EB%]CU
M&'Z5^(T[C& #F^R@V+*S

M;

MB4]?K?


\0/?0+2UT+6\L3'B

AHYV3-^5AQL18_HT-E)+Z+Y@NN8K?CH#**

J+K7P =D_2S
MG(O3HC85/T.N^4XCSV4][Z*88@
+H#X&7G*J?S-4U.Z3+B-P/Q
L 5ZV;F1+



.5;S9)\WT&

6IDT/

QK
M;FB4Z-9=+&UKB'05!;*]P_A
W.VB#5KM*I*6)LAN\




$:7M&%<D:IA) QHX[HI) \#OQMA2S*9
M*\8


'&J0J:8K



M0_P

^GF
M;FYHE.@S*-%G=A#=?



M5(L'UIU87CU0:CV\SAW5C9=[AQ 55RY\/0A(APA


A8AV


Q7;.'3-0'$9IW152C(4O \.TENP$7);\?]!6+XF$PMQ(]GS
M!:A;I3'J:$6KM&F#5:PZCDQF*/K'DCQ_%R
LR/E)_$- ]M-1+#+_U;\OTXQ+

MHLNMA(2Z!KU\^3J-N7)4/-$L^7QCJYYHX&K;NMA\CRA:I20A4C  [7NA:_]X

NC)Z 'VZ86^3UE5

[B I?8;AL2AGO
M-I@-S-\CKC

0P<<85


MU#97CK$Q0:F/T#)7M9=Q)3BMUS1IG3! L1I6I,+5U8[
(T#C:$9:];!.&A
MBD&?R7(=/FL^FZXS\3[=;K1T.Z6@DPX3JY_-TWDUC1G.=%0M].VY=U0211I^

M_Q
U__EO_G]02P$% ,4     #;A-U
*^0@/BX! @ :43$ $@

C Q.# S


3@P
S
Q7V1E9BYX
M;6Q02P$% ,4     #;A-U

end



