

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-21-014603
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210611
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210611
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seneca Foods Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FRUITS
 VEG & PRESERVES
 JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		IRS NUMBER:				160733425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-01989
		FILM NUMBER:		211011488
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315 926 8100
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP /NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIERCE S S COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861210
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425










	




		
		







		


		
		




		

		



		
		




		

		



		
		




		

		



		




		

		



			




		


		



















		
			

			

			
			




March 31
 2021


		
			

			

			
			














		

			
			
			
			
			
 
			


			
			
			
			
			
			


		
			
			



 including area code: 




		

			


			


			


		

			
 $.25 Par


			


			


		

			
 $.25 Par


			


			







 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes &#9744; 




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 


 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer



		
			
			
			
			
			











 2020
 the last business day of the Registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter

133




 2021

343
1
705
938



















		

			

			
Portions of the Annual Report to shareholders for fiscal year ended March 31
 2021 (the &#8220;2021 Annual Report&#8221;) applicable to Part I
 Item 1
 Part II
 Items 5&#8209;9A and Part IV
 Item 15 of Form 10&#8209;K.





		

			

			






















		

			


		

			


		

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31
 2021


		

			





		

			

			

			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			
			

		

			


Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 Related Security Holder Matters&#xa0;and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			
			

		

			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			
			

		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			





















 in some cases
 can be identified by the use of the words will, anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, seeks, should, likely, targets, may
 can and other expressions that indicate future trends and events. A forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made and reflects management's analysis only as of the date thereof. Seneca Foods Corporation undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. The following factors
 among others discussed herein and in the filings of Seneca Foods Corporation under the Exchange Act
 could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business
 suppliers
 customers
 consumers and employees
 costs and availability of raw materials
 competition
 cost controls
 sales levels
 governmental regulation
 consumer preferences
 industry trends
 weather conditions
 crop yields
 natural disasters
 recalls
 litigation
 reliance on third-parties
 wage rates
 and other factors. See also the factors described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report










 frozen and bottled produce and snack chips and its products are sold under private label as well as national and regional brands that the Company owns or licenses
 including Seneca&#174;
 Libby&#8217;s&#174;
 Aunt Nellie&#8217;s&#174;
 READ&#174;



 2021
 the Company&#8217;s facilities consisted of 22 packaging plants strategically located throughout the United States
 two can manufacturing plants one of which also packages
 three seed packaging operations
 a farming operation and a logistical support network. The Company also maintains warehouses which are generally located adjacent to its packaging plants. The Company is a New York corporation and its headquarters is located at 3736 South Main Street
 Marion



 investments and alliances that have expanded its leadership in the packaged fruit and vegetable industry. Most recently
 during 2021
 the Company acquired a facility in Berlin
 Wisconsin to aid its frozen business by expanding freezing capability and adding frozen celery production to the core fruit and vegetable business. The Company also engages in strategic sales of its assets from time to time
 as it makes financial sense to do so. During 2021




. The Company&#8217;s annual report on Form 10-K
 the Company&#8217;s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on the Company&#8217;s web site



 the Company's website includes items related to corporate governance matters





1













 the Company managed its business on the basis of three&#xa0;reportable segments which makeup its food operation &#8211; the primary segment being the packaging and sale of fruit and vegetables
 secondarily
&#xa0;the packaging and sale of prepared food products and third&#xa0;being the packaging and sale of snack&#xa0;products. Other nonfood products round out the Company&#8217;s operations. During December 2021
 the Company completed the sale of its prepared foods business
 leaving two remaining reportable segments. The Company&#8217;s food operation constituted 98% of total sales in 2021
 of which approximately 81% is canned vegetable packaging
 6% is canned fruit packaging
 7% is frozen fruit and vegetable packaging
 5% is prepared foods prior to the sale
 and 1% is chip packaging. The non-food operation
 which is primarily related to the sale of cans and ends and outside revenue generated from our trucking and aircraft operations









 frozen vegetables and other food products. The products are sold nationwide by major grocery outlets
 including supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 limited assortment stores
 club stores and dollar stores. Additionally
 products are sold to food service distributors
 industrial markets
 other food packagers
 export customers in 90 countries and federal
 state and local governments for school and other feeding programs. Food packaging operations are primarily supported by plant locations in New York
 Michigan
 Oregon
 Wisconsin
 Washington
 Idaho
 Illinois
 and Minnesota. See Note 14 of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data






		
			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			

172

			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

467

			
			
			

335

			











 Libby's&#174;
 is held pursuant to a trademark license granted to the Company in March 1982 and renewable by the Company every 10 years for an aggregate period expiring in March 2081. The original licensor was Libby
 McNeill &amp; Libby
 Inc.
 then an indirect subsidiary of Nestl&#233;
 S. A. (Nestl&#233;) and the license was granted in connection with the Company's purchase of certain of the licensor's canned vegetable operations in the United States. Corlib Brands Management
 LTD acquired the license from Nestl&#233; during 2006. The license is limited to vegetables which are shelf-stable
 frozen
 and thermally packaged
 and includes the Company's major vegetable varieties &#8211; corn



 Ltd.
 who may terminate the license for non-payment of royalty
 use of the trademark in sales outside the licensed territory
 failure to achieve a minimum level of sales under the licensed trademark during any calendar year or a material breach or default by the Company under the agreement (which is not cured within the specified cure period). With the purchase of Signature Fruit Company
 LLC
 which also uses the Libby&#8217;s&#174; brand name
 the Company re-negotiated the license agreement and created a new
 combined agreement based on Libby&#8217;s&#174; revenue dollars for fruits
 vegetables
 and dry beans. During 2021
 the Company and Libby&#8217;s Brand Holding
 Ltd. renegotiated again to remove fruit from the license agreement. A total of $114
000 was paid as a royalty fee for the year ended March 31



 frozen vegetables and other food products under several other brands for which the Company has obtained registered trademarks
 including
 Aunt Nellie&#8217;s&#174;
 CherryMan&#174;
 Green Valley&#174;
 READ&#174;





2













 the different cycles are somewhat offsetting. Minimal food packaging occurs in the Company's last fiscal quarter ending March 31
 which is the optimal time for maintenance
 repairs and equipment changes in its packaging plants. The supply of commodities
 current pricing
 and expected new crop quantity and quality affect the timing and amount of the Company&#8217;s sales and earnings. When the seasonal harvesting periods of the Company's major vegetables are newly completed
 inventories for these packaged vegetables are at their highest levels. For peas
 the peak inventory time is mid-summer and for corn
 the Company's highest volume vegetable






		
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			

			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			







 an end of year sales order backlog is not considered meaningful. Traditionally
 larger customers provide tentative bookings for their expected purchases for the upcoming season. These bookings are further developed as data on the expected size of the related national harvests becomes available. In general
 these bookings serve as a yardstick rather than as a firm commitment
 since actual harvest results can vary notably from early estimates. In actual practice





 quality
 service
 and pricing being the major determinants in the Company&#8217;s relative market position. The Company believes that it is a major producer of canned vegetables
 but some producers of canned
 frozen and other forms of vegetable products have sales which exceed the Company's sales. The Company is aware of at least 13 competitors in the U.S. packaged vegetable industry



 approximately 10% of the Company&#8217;s packaged foods
 excluding cherry products
 were sold under its own brands
 or licensed trademarks
 including Seneca&#174;
 Libby's&#174;
 Aunt Nellie's&#174;
 Green Valley&#174; and READ&#174;. The remaining 90% of packaged foods were sold under private labels
 food service
 international
 contracting packaging
 industrial
 prepared foods
 chips










3















 the Company has cooperated with federal
 state
 and local environmental protection authorities in developing and maintaining suitable antipollution facilities. In general



 national and international regulations aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. In the United States
 there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level to address the effects of climate change. Such regulation could result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes
 the restriction of output
 investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations





 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 worker&#8217;s compensation and other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but not limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does not believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations





 the Company had approximately 3
000 employees of which 2
900 full time and 100 seasonal employees work in food packaging and 100 full time employees work in other activities. The number of employees increases by approximately 4



 two agreements that will expire in calendar 2023
 one agreement that will expire in calendar 2024







		
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			




			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

372

			
			
			

248

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

467

			
			
			

335

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






4















 could adversely affect the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations or financial results. The Company refers to itself as &#8220;we&#8221;







 less shelf space will be devoted to these categories in the supermarkets. Fresh and perishable businesses are improving their delivery systems around the world and the availability of fresh produce is impacting the consumers purchasing patterns relating to processed vegetables. Our financial performance and growth are related to conditions in the United States&#8217; vegetable packaging industry which is a mature industry with a modest growth rate during the last 10 years. Our net sales are a function of product availability and market pricing. In the vegetable packaging industry
 product availability and market prices tend to have an inverse relationship: market prices tend to decrease as more product is available and to increase if less product is available. Product availability is a direct result of plantings
 growing conditions
 crop yields and inventory levels
 all of which vary from year to year. Moreover
 vegetable production outside the United States
 particularly in Europe
 Asia and South America
 is increasing at a time when worldwide demand for certain products
 is being impacted by the global economic slowdown. These factors may have a significant effect on supply and competition and create downward pressure on prices. In addition
 market prices can be affected by the planting and inventory levels and individual pricing decisions of our competitors. Generally
 market prices in the vegetable packaging industry adjust more quickly to variations in product availability than an individual packager can adjust its cost structure; thus
 in an oversupply situation



 the vegetable packaging industry has been characterized by excess capacity





 we must harvest and package them quickly or forego the opportunity to package fresh picked vegetables for an entire year. Most of our vegetables are grown by farmers under contract with us. Consequently
 we must pay the contract grower for the vegetables even if we cannot or do not harvest or package them. Most of our production occurs during the second quarter (July through September) of our fiscal year
 which corresponds with the quarter that the growing season ends for most of the produce packaged by us. A majority of our sales occur during the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year due to seasonal consumption patterns for our products. Accordingly
 inventory levels are highest during the second and third quarters
 and accounts receivable levels are highest during the third and fourth quarters. Net sales generated during our third and fourth fiscal quarters have a significant impact on our results of operations. Because of these seasonal fluctuations
 the results of any particular quarter
 particularly in the first half of our fiscal year



 this somewhat reduces the risk that our entire crop will be subject to disastrous weather. The upper Midwest is the primary growing region for the principal vegetables which we pack
 namely peas
 green beans and corn





 such as vegetables
 steel (used to make cans)
 ingredients
 pouches and other packaging materials as well as the electricity and natural gas used in our business
 are commodities that may experience price volatility caused by external factors
 including market fluctuations
 availability
 currency fluctuations and changes in governmental regulations and agricultural programs. General inventory positions of major commodities
 such as field corn
 soybeans and wheat
 all commodities with which we must compete for acreage
 can have dramatic effects on prices for those commodities
 which can translate into similar swings in prices needed to be paid for our contracted commodities. These programs and other events can result in reduced supplies of these commodities
 higher supply costs or interruptions in our production schedules. If prices of these commodities increase beyond what we can pass along to our customers





5












COVID-19: Pandemics or disease outbreaks
 such as the COVID-19 pandemic
 may disrupt our business
 including among other things
 our supply chain
 our manufacturing operations and customer and consumer demand for our products
 and could have a material adverse impact on our business.


 mass merchants
 warehouse clubs
 wholesalers and ecommerce customers have more than offset declines at foodservice customers. However



 including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or disease outbreak
 our operations may be negatively impacted. Some of our workforce dwell in company provided housing and therefore outbreaks such as COVID-19 would need to be managed
 to the extent possible
 to meet health care protocols. Pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect economies and financial markets



 and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our control
 including the duration and severity of any pandemic or disease outbreak



 including
 among others
 the duration of social distancing and stay-at-home mandates and whether a second or third wave of COVID-19 will affect the United States and the rest of North America
 our ability to continue to operate our manufacturing facilities and maintain the supply chain without material disruption
 and the extent to which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating habits. We cannot predict the duration or scope of the disruption. Therefore





 which includes increased concentration and a growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters. Dependence upon key customers could lead to increased pricing pressure by these customers. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company&#8217;s total net sales. The top ten customers represented approximately 50%
 and 49% of net sales for 2021 and 2020
 respectively. If we lose a significant customer or if sales to a significant customer materially decrease
 our business


If we do not maintain the market shares of our products
 our business and revenues may be adversely affected. 


 but also compete with products we produce and sell to other companies who market those products under their own brand names



 many major retail food chains have been increasing their promotions
 offerings and shelf space allocations for their own vegetable brands
 to the detriment of vegetable brands owned by the packagers
 including our own brands. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our customers/competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. There are competitive pressures and other factors
 which could cause our products to lose market share or result in significant price erosion that could materially and adversely affect our business





6













 intermodal
 rail cars
 and ships. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of these services for any reason
 including availability or cost of fuel
 regulations affecting the industry
 or labor shortages in the transportation industry
 could have an adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers
 and could materially and adversely affect our business


If we are subject to product liability claims
 we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 


 the industry and suppliers to stay abreast of developments. A product liability judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 affect consumer confidence in our products
 and divert management&#8217;s attention from other responsibilities. Product liability claims may also lead to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. Although we maintain comprehensive general liability insurance coverage
 there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could materially and adversely affect our business


 disruptions
 failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations.


 manage and process
 and may incur legal costs if our information security policies and procedures are not effective or if we are required to defend our methods of collection
 processing and storage of data. Future investigations
 lawsuits or adverse publicity relating to our methods of handling data could adversely affect our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows due to the costs and negative market reaction relating to such developments. We may not have the resources or technical expertise to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Actual or anticipated attacks will cause us to incur increased costs
 including costs to hire additional personnel
 purchase additional protection technologies
 train employees
 and engage third-party experts and consultants. In addition
 data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 significant legal and financial exposure
 and a loss of confidence in our security measures





 we regularly dispose of produce wastes (silage) and processing water as well as materials used in plant operation and maintenance
 and our plant boilers
 which generate heat used in packaging
 produce generally small emissions into the air. These activities and operations are regulated by federal and state laws and the respective federal and state environmental agencies. Occasionally
 we may be required to remediate conditions found by the regulators to be in violation of environmental law or to contribute to the cost of remediating waste disposal sites
 which we neither owned nor operated
 but in which
 we and other companies deposited waste materials
 usually through independent waste disposal companies. Future possible costs of environmental remediation
 contributions and penalties could materially and adversely affect our business


Our production capacity for certain products and commodities is concentrated in a limited number of facilities
 exposing us to a material disruption in production in the event that a disaster strikes.


 one with substantially more capacity than the other
 which are not interchangeable since each plant cannot necessarily produce all the can sizes needed. Although we maintain property and business interruption insurance coverage
 there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate in the event of a catastrophe or significant disruption at these or other Company facilities. If such an event occurs
 it could materially and adversely affect our business





 we may undertake acquisitions of other businesses or introduce new products
 although there can be no assurances that these will occur. Such undertakings involve numerous risks and significant investments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire acquisition candidates on favorable terms
 to profitably manage or to successfully integrate future businesses that we may acquire or new products we may introduce without substantial costs
 delays or problems. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business





7













 we had approximately 3
000 employees of which 2
900 full time and 100 seasonal employees worked in food packaging and 100 employees worked in other activities. During the peak summer harvest period
 we hire up to approximately 4
000 seasonal employees to help package vegetables. If there is a shortage of seasonal labor
 especially during 2021 as a result of COVID-19 or if there is an increase to minimum wage rates
 this could have a negative impact on our cost of operations. Many of our packaging operations are located in rural communities that may not have sufficient labor pools
 requiring us to hire employees from other regions. An inability to hire and train sufficient employees during the critical harvest period could materially and adversely affect our business





 in collaboration with other can makers as well as enamel suppliers
 has decided to aggressively work to find alternative materials for can linings not manufactured using BPA. However





 mandatory recall authority of the FDA
 increased scrutiny of foreign sourced or supplied food products
 and increased records access may have an impact on our business. As we are already in a highly regulated business





 along with its other marketplace initiatives
 are designed to capitalize on new customer or consumer trends.&#xa0; The FDA recently issued a statement on sodium which referred to an Institute of Medicine statement that too much sodium is a major contributor to high blood pressure. Some of our products contain a moderate amount of sodium per recommended serving
 which is based on consumer&#8217;s preferences for taste. &#xa0;In order to remain successful
 the Company must anticipate and react to these new trends and develop new products or packages to address them. While the Company devotes significant resources to meeting this goal
 we may not be successful in developing new products or packages





Global economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 including the impact of recessions in the United States and throughout the world
 may negatively affect our business and financial results. These economic conditions could negatively impact (i) consumer demand for our products
 (ii) the mix of our products&#8217; sales
 (iii) our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis
 (iv) the ability of suppliers to provide the materials required in our operations and (v) our ability to obtain financing or to otherwise access the capital markets. The strength of the U.S. dollar versus other world currencies could result in increased competition from imported products and decreased sales to our international customers. A prolonged recession could result in decreased revenue
 margins and earnings. Additionally
 the economic situation could have an impact on our lenders or customers
 causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. The occurrence of any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business





8













 2021
 we had approximately $169.4 million of total indebtedness
 including various debt agreements and a $1.0 million outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility (&#8220;Revolver&#8221;).&#xa0; Scheduled debt service for fiscal 2021 is $28.3 million. During our second and third fiscal quarters
 our operations generally require more cash than is available from operations.&#xa0; In these circumstances
 it is necessary to borrow under our Revolver.&#xa0; Our ability to obtain financing in the future through credit facilities will be affected by several factors
 including our creditworthiness
 our ability to operate in a profitable manner and general market and credit conditions.&#xa0; Significant changes in our business or cash outflows from operations could create a need for additional working capital.&#xa0; An inability to obtain additional working capital on terms reasonably acceptable to us or access the Revolver would materially and adversely affect our operations. Additionally
 if we need to use a portion of our cash flows to pay principal and interest on our debt
 it will reduce the amount of money we have for operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansions





 among other things
 limit our ability to borrow money
 including with respect to the refinancing of existing indebtedness. These provisions may limit our ability to conduct our business
 take advantage of business opportunities and respond to changing business
 market and economic conditions. In addition
 they may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies that may be subject to fewer
 if any
 restrictions. Failure to comply with the requirements of our Revolver and debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We have pledged our accounts receivable
 inventory and the capital stock or other ownership interests that we own in our subsidiaries to secure the Revolver. If a default occurred and was not cured




Our existing shareholders
 if acting together
 may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval. 


 while holders of our Class&#xa0;A common stock are entitled to one-twentieth of a vote per share. In addition
 holders of our 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock
 Series A
 our 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock
 Series B and
 solely with respect to the election of directors
 our 6% Cumulative Voting Preferred Stock
 which we refer to as our voting preferred stock
 are entitled to one vote per share. As of March 31
 2021
 holders of Class B common stock and voting preferred stock held 88.1% of the combined voting power of all shares of capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote. These shareholders
 if acting together
 would be in a position to control the election of our directors and to effect or prevent certain corporate transactions that require majority or supermajority approval of the combined classes



 2021
 our current executive officers and directors beneficially owned 9.3% of our outstanding shares of Class&#xa0;A common stock
 44.2% of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock and 10.8% of our voting preferred stock








		
			
			
			
			





		
			
			
			
			





		
			
			
			

 rights






		
			
			
			
			





		
			
			
			

 in addition to certain restrictions which may apply to &#8220;business combinations&#8221;&#xa0;involving us and an &#8220;interested shareholder&#8221;
 a plan for our merger or consolidation must be approved by two-thirds of the votes of all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. See &#8220;Our existing shareholders
 if acting together








9




















 First-Out (LIFO) method of inventory accounting. As of March 31
 2021
 we had a LIFO reserve of $128.7 million which
 at the U.S. corporate tax rate
 represents approximately $32.2 million of income taxes
 payment of which is delayed to future dates based upon changes in inventory costs. From time-to-time
 discussions regarding changes in U.S. tax laws have included the potential of LIFO being repealed. Should LIFO be repealed
 the $32.2 million of postponed taxes
 plus any future benefit realized prior to the date of repeal
 would likely have to be repaid over some period of time. Repayment of these postponed taxes will reduce the amount of cash that we would have available to fund our operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansions
 acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities. This could materially and adversely affect our business




 we operate a wholly owned insurance subsidiary
 Dundee Insurance Company
 Inc. We recognize this subsidiary as an insurance company for federal income tax purposes with respect to our consolidated federal income tax return. In the event the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) were to determine that this subsidiary does not qualify as an insurance company












10

















		
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			


			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			


			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			


			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			






 although highly utilized
 have the ability to expand as sales requirements justify. Because of the seasonal production cycles





11















 Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8



 Business -- Environmental Regulation












12















s Common Stock
 Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


 refer to the information in the 2021 Annual Report
 &#8220;Shareholder Information&#8221;





 2007 and extended on July 28
 2017. The 2007 Equity Plan expires in August 2027 and originally authorized the issuance of up to 100
000 shares of either Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or a combination of the two classes of stock. 2
297 shares were awarded in fiscal year 2021 under the terms of the 2007 Equity Plan. As of March 31
 2021
 there were 52












		
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




		

			

			

 and the Seneca Foods






		

			

			

 most recently on March 10
 2015 when the repurchase program was increased to 2
500
000 shares. During 2021
 the share repurchase program was terminated. Prior to the termination of the program






		

			

			

















13















 &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;

































 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
 as of March 31
 2021. Based upon this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of March 31
 2021
 the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures: (1) were designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report was being prepared
 so as to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) were effective
 in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed





 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions



 2021. In making this assessment
 Based on our assessment
 management believes that
 as of March 31
 2021





14















 2021 of Seneca Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the &#8220;COSO framework&#8221;). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2021



 2021 and 2020
 the related consolidated statements of net earnings
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2021
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;)
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our report dated June 11
 2021








 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists





 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use



 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions















15













 2021 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect












16














Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


 as amended
 for the Company&#8217;s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on August 11
 2021. The Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the Company&#8217;s fiscal year ended March 31

















&#8221; &#8220;Summary Compensation Table
&#8221; &#8220;Outstanding Equity Awards at 2021 Fiscal Year-End
&#8221; &#8220;Pension Benefits
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Compensation Committee Interlocks.&#8221; The information included under the heading &#8220;Compensation Committee Report&#8221; in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference; however
 this information shall not be deemed to be &#8220;soliciting material&#8221; or to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C












Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence













17

















		

			

			
Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 and Supplemental Schedule





		
			

			

			
 &#8209; the following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant
 included in the 2021&#xa0;Annual Report






		
			

			

			







		
			

			

			







		
			

			

			







		
			

			

			







		
			

			

			







		
			

			

			







		
			

			

			
			





		
			
			




		
			

			

			
&#xa0;- the following financial statement schedule
 included in the 2021 Annual Report






		

			


			


			
			







		
			

			

			
			







		
			

			

			
The Company&#8217;s Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11
 2010).





		
			

			

			
The Company&#8217;s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed August 18
 1995 for the quarter ended July 1
 1995)





		
			

			

			
Amendment to the Company&#8217;s Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6
 2007)





		
			

			

			
Description of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31
 2019)





		
			

			

			
Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated as of March 24
 2021 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation
 Seneca Foods
 LLC
 Seneca Snack Company
 Green Valley Foods
 LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation
 the financial institutions party thereto as lenders
 as agent
 issuing bank
 and syndication agent
 and BofA Securities
 Inc. as lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 26
 2021).





		
			

			

			
Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement as of May 28
 2020 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation
 Seneca Foods
 LLC
 Seneca Snack Company
 Green Valley Foods
 LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation and Farm Credit East
 ACA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 1
 2020).





		
			

			

			
Indemnification Agreement between the Company and the directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26
 2020
 filed November 4
 2020)







18











		
			

			

			
Seneca Foods Corporation Executive Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27
 2017)





		
			

			

			
Seneca Foods Corporation Manager Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 27
 2017)





		
			

			

			
2007 Equity Incentive Plan effective August 3
 2007 as extended on July 28
 2017 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company&#8217;s Proxy Statement dated June 28
 2007)





		
			

			

			
Seneca Foods Corporation Division Management Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 5
 2020)





		
			

			

			
Executive Transition Services Agreement dated as of August 31
 2020 between the Company and Kraig H. Kayser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26
 2020
 filed November 4
 2020)





		
			

			

			
Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Seneca Foods Corporation and Kraig H. Kayser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26
 2020
 filed November 4
 2020).





		
			

			

			
The material contained in the 2021 Annual Report to Shareholders under the following headings: &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto including Independent Auditors&#8217; Report
 and &#8220;Shareholder Information&#8221; (filed herewith)





		
			

			

			
			





		
			

			

			
Consent of Plante Moran
 P.C. (filed herewith)





		
			

			

			
			





		
			

			

			
			





		
			

			

			
			





		
			

			

			
			
			



























19



















 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned



		

			
			
			


			


June 11
 2021








		

			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			






			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			


 Chief Executive Officer


			






			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			




			






			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			


 Controller


			





		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			







			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			







			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			





		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			







			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			







			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			







			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			







			

			
			
			
			







20
















  

  
 





































975


446




211


000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.
      Includes $3
746



























































































































































































































































  
  

    &#xa0;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 with facilities located throughout the United States. Its high quality products are primarily sourced from over 1
600 American farms. The Company&#x2019;s product offerings include canned
 frozen and bottled produce and snack chips. Its products are sold under private label as well as national and regional brands that the Company owns or licenses
 including Seneca&#xae;
 Libby&#x2019;s&#xae;
 Aunt Nellie&#x2019;s&#xae;
 Cherryman&#xae;
 Green Valley&#xae; and READ&#xae;. The Company&#x2019;s canned fruits and vegetables are sold nationwide by major grocery outlets
 including supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 limited assortment stores
 club stores and dollar stores. The Company also sells its products to foodservice distributors
 industrial markets
 other food processors
 export customers in over 90 countries and federal
 state and local governments for school and other food programs. The Company packs canned vegetables as well as frozen vegetables under contract packing agreements.
  
  
  

 the Company completed the acquisition of a processing facility in central Wisconsin for $7.1 million. This acquisition will aid the Company&#x2019;s frozen business by expanding freezing capability and adding frozen celery production to the core fruit and vegetable business.
  

 the Company completed the sale of its prepared foods business to an unaffiliated buyer who was not a previous customer
 resulting in a gain of $34.8 million. The nature of the prepared foods business was not central to Seneca&#x2019;s primary business and the sale allowed for the continued focus and investment in the Company&#x2019;s core fruit and vegetable business.
  

 the Company executed an agreement with Del Monte Foods to purchase a plant in Wisconsin
 and as part of that agreed to process certain quantities of canned vegetables for them on a contractual basis. At the same time
 Seneca acquired equipment from two already closed facilities
 which was relocated and utilized by existing Seneca facilities in order to improve efficiencies or expand production capacities. Any equipment that was unable to be utilized was disposed of in fiscal 2021. The idle facilities were acquired in fiscal 2021 with no plans of operation and are currently classified as assets held for sale on the consolidated balance sheet as of March 31
 2021.
  

 the Company ceased production at its fruit processing plant in Sunnyside
 Washington but continued to store
 case and label products at this facility until late in fiscal 2020. In February 2020
 the Company invested approximately $10 million and contributed the Sunnyside facility to acquire a 49% stake in CraftAg
 LLC
 a newly formed company which processes hemp.
  

 high quality vegetable products to consumers through the elimination of costs from the Company&#x2019;s supply chain and investment in state-of-the-art production and logistical technology; 3) focus on growth opportunities to capitalize on higher expected returns; and 4) pursue strategic acquisitions that leverage the Company&#x2019;s core competencies.
  
  
  

 and will continue to have
 an impact on financial markets
 economic conditions
 and portions of our business and industry.
  
 &#x2013; We have implemented a wide range of precautionary measures at our manufacturing facilities and other work locations in response to COVID-19. We have also been working closely with our supply chain partners to ensure that we can continue to provide uninterrupted service. To date
 there has been minimal disruption in our supply chain network
 including the supply of fruits and vegetables
 packaging or other sourced materials. We also continue to work closely with our customers and have implemented measures to allocate order volumes to ensure a consistent supply across our retail partners during this period of high demand.
  

 FDA and other federal
 state and local authorities regarding COVID-19 to ensure our safety protocols remain current to protect our employees
 customers
 suppliers and other business partners.
  




       &#xa0;







       &#xa0;





    &#xa0;

  
  
  
  
  

 which partially offsets the net sales favorability in our operating results
 however gross margin has increased in 2021 as compared to 2020. Most of the incremental costs impact our costs of goods sold and the remaining portion impacts our selling
 general and administrative expenses.
  

 the pandemic has overall to date had a positive impact on our operating results and our net cash provided by operating activities. As a result
 during the third quarter of fiscal 2021 we repaid all outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
  
 - As discussed above
 increased customer and consumer demand resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic
 social distancing and stay-at-home mandates has had a material positive impact on our company&#x2019;s net sales
 net cash provided by operating activities and net leverage in 2021. However
 the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business will depend on many factors
 including
 among others
 the duration of social distancing and stay-at-home mandates and whether an additional wave of COVID-19 will affect the United States and the rest of North America
 our company&#x2019;s ability to continue to operate our manufacturing facilities
 retain a sufficient seasonal workforce
 fill open full time positions
 maintain our supply chain without material disruption
 and procure ingredients
 packaging and other raw materials when needed despite unprecedented demand in the food industry
 and the extent to which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating habits.
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $0.2 million related to closed plants mostly for severance.
  

 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $7.0 million related to the closing of plants in the Midwest and Northwest of which $5.3 million was for accelerated amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets
 $2.4 million was mostly related to equipment moves and $1.2 million was related to severance. The Company also recorded a credit of $1.9 million for the reduced lease liability of previously impaired leases.
  
  
  
Divestitures
 Other Charges and Credits
  

 a loss on the sale of unused fixed assets of $0.4 million
 a loss of $3.2 million on the disposition of equipment that was previously held for sale
 and a charge of $0.2 for severance. The company also recorded a charge of $1.2 million for a supplemental early retirement plan.
  
  
  

 the Company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $9.7 million to its equity method investment representing the difference between the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s investment and its proportionate share of the investment&#x2019;s fair value. This charge was included in &#x201c;Loss from equity investment&#x201d; in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings.
  




       2







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 finance seasonal working capital needs and to make capital expenditures. Internally generated funds and amounts available under the revolving credit facility are the Company&#x2019;s primary sources of liquidity
 although the Company believes it has the ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional stock
 if it desires.
  
  
  

 2021
 the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with the lenders party thereto
 Bank of America
 N.A. as agent
 issuing bank
 and syndication agent
 and BofA Securities
 Inc. as lead arranger
 that provides for a senior revolving credit facility of up to $400 million that is seasonally adjusted (the &#x201c;Revolver&#x201d;). Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total $300.0 million from April through July and $400.0 million from August through March. The Revolver balance as of March 31
 2021 was $1.0 million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver&#x2019;s March 24
 2026 maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility
 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains borrowing base requirements as well as a financial covenant
 if certain circumstances apply. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of June through November and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally three months but can vary from a few days to seven months. Accordingly
 the Company&#x2019;s need to draw on the Revolver may fluctuate significantly throughout the year.
  

 planned capital expenditures and debt service obligations for at least the next 12&#xa0;months.
  
  
  

 in part
 because the Company sells canned and frozen vegetables to a co-pack customer on a bill and hold basis at the end of each pack cycle
 which typically occurs during these quarters. In addition
 the Company&#x2019;s other fruit and vegetable sales exhibit seasonal increases in the third fiscal quarter due to increased retail demand during the holiday season.
  



     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     


Year ended March 31
 2021:
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


Year ended March 31
 2020:
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     



  




       3







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     



  
  
  

 2020 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East
 ACA that provides for a $100.0 million unsecured term loan. The amended and restated agreement with Farm Credit East has a maturity date of June 1
 2025 and converted the term loan to a fixed interest rate rather than a variable interest rate in addition to requiring quarterly principal payments of $1.0 million
 which commenced during fiscal 2021. The Company incurred financing costs totaling $0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt. This agreement contains certain covenants
 including maintaining a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth.
  

 2021
 scheduled maturities of long-term debt in each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter are presented below. The March&#xa0;31
 2021 Revolver balance of $1.0&#xa0;million is presented as being due in fiscal 2026
 based upon the Revolver&#x2019;s March 24
 2026 maturity date (in thousands):
  



     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     


     



  




       4







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict
 with specified exceptions
 the Company&#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends on the Company&#x2019;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s assets
 enter into consolidations or mergers
 and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Company&#x2019;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants including a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories and also requires the Company to meet a financial covenant related to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if (a) an event of default has occurred or (b) availability on the Revolver is less than the greater of (i) 10% of the commitments then in effect and (ii) $25
000
000. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the minimum EBITDA within the Farm Credit term loan which for fiscal year end 2021 was greater than $50 million. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met all such financial covenants as of March 31
 2021.
  

000
 less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock.
  
  
  

 Wisconsin
 2) $5.0 million for a facility and equipment in Albany
 Oregon
 3) $4.4 million for a production line in Janesville
 Wisconsin
 4) $2.5 million for a spray field in Cambia
 Wisconsin. Capital expenditures in 2020 totaled $66.4 million and there were four major projects in 2020 as follows: 1) $10.0 million to buy the plant in Cambria
 Wisconsin from Del Monte
 2) $9.6 million for equipment purchases from Del Monte
 3) $4.7 million for the Glencoe Freezer project and 4) $2.6&#xa0;million for the completion of a warehouse in Hart
 Michigan started in 2019. In addition
 there were lease buyouts
 equipment replacements and other improvements in 2021 and 2020.
  
  
  

 accounts receivable decreased by $17.6 million or 16.0% versus 2020
 due partially to lower sales volume in March 2021 compared to March 2020 and also the sale of our prepared foods business. In 2020
 accounts receivable increased by $25.7 million or 30.6% versus 2019 due to higher sales volume in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019.
  
  
  

 inventories decreased by $68.5&#xa0;million or 16.6% primarily reflecting the effect of lower finished goods quantities due to increased sales demand outpacing the 2020 seasonal pack yields. The LIFO reserve balance was $128.7&#xa0;million at March 31
 2021 versus $144.3&#xa0;million at the prior year end.
  
  
  




       5







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 2021 and 2020
 the Company sold certain finished goods inventory for cash on a bill and hold basis. The terms of the bill and hold agreement(s) provide that title to the specified inventory is transferred to the customer(s) prior to shipment and the Company has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery) which results in recorded revenue as determined under the revenue recognition standard.
  

 which are recorded as a reduction of net sales
 include amounts paid to encourage retailers to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of the Company&#x2019;s products to consumers
 amounts paid to obtain favorable display positions in retail stores
 and amounts paid to retailers for shelf space in retail stores. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale of product to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers for amounts they consider due to them. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time.
  

 plant
 and equipment are depreciated over their assigned lives. The assigned lives and the projected cash flows used to test impairment are subjective. If actual lives are shorter than anticipated or if future cash flows are less than anticipated
 a future impairment charge or a loss on disposal of the assets could be incurred. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted value of the cash flows is less than the carrying value. If such is the case
 a loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value.
  
  
  

 2021
 the Company was obligated to make cash payments in connection with its debt
 operating and finance leases
 and purchase commitments. The effect of these obligations and commitments on the Company&#x2019;s liquidity and cash flows in future periods are listed below. All of these arrangements require cash payments over varying periods of time. Certain of these arrangements are cancelable on short notice and others require additional payments as part of any early termination.
  

 the Company has a defined benefit plan which is subject to certain actuarial assumptions. The funded status increased by $138.3 million during 2021 reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of March 31
 2021. During fiscal years 2021 and 2020
 the actuarial loss in the pension plan&#x2019;s projected benefit obligation was primarily driven by data revisions resulting in demographic losses as well as a decline in discount rates. Additionally
 the Society of Actuaries released an updated mortality table for fiscal year 2020 and an updated mortality projection scale for both fiscal years 2020 and 2021 which partially offset the actuarial loss. Plan assets increased from $202.5 million as of March 31
 2020 to $348.9 million as of March 31
 2021 due primarily to a gain on plan assets of $103.2 million and a $73.0 million contribution by the Company.
  

 2020. This amendment triggered a curtailment event under ASC 715. The curtailment accelerated statement of earnings recognition of the unrecognized prior service cost resulting in $0.1 million curtailment charge in 2020.
  

 the Company entered into new finance and operating leases of approximately $3.7&#xa0;million
 based on the if-purchased value
 which was primarily for agricultural and packaging equipment.
  
  
  

 the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the cash settlements required in future periods.
  
  
  




       6







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 unless the issuer gives cancellation notice in advance. On March&#xa0;31
 2021
 the Company had $10.1 million in outstanding standby letters of credit. These standby letters of credit are supported by the Company&#x2019;s Revolver and reduce borrowings available under the Revolver.
  
  
  

 the Company&#x2019;s cash and cash equivalents increased by $49.1&#xa0;million
 which is due to the net impact of $183.2&#xa0;million provided by operating activities
 $2.3 million provided by investing activities
 and $136.3&#xa0;million used in financing activities.
  
  
  

 an increase of $55.9 million. The increase was largely due to higher net income
 primarily attributable to the positive impact of increased base business unit volume on our net sales as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The 2021 earnings reflect a LIFO credit of $15.6&#xa0;million that resulted in an increase in the tax payment deferral of $3.9&#xa0;million. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities also reflected favorable working capital comparisons in fiscal 2021 compared to the fiscal 2020 comparisons
 primarily comprised of accounts receivable
 $57.6 million
 and other current assets
 $8.4 million. The increases were partially offset by an unfavorable working capital comparison for inventories of $21.6 million and a pension contribution made by the Company of $73.0 million in fiscal 2021 compared to a $26.0 million contribution in the previous year.
  

 from June through November
 and are then sold over the following year. Cash flow from operating activities is one of the Company&#x2019;s main sources of liquidity.
  
  
  

 principally reflecting proceeds from the sales of assets of $73.7 million largely offset by $71.4 million of capital expenditures. Cash used by investing activities was $43.2 million for 2020
 principally reflecting proceeds from the sale of assets of $22.5 million offset by $65.7 million of capital expenditures.
  
  
  

 an increase of $51.4 million. The cash used in financing during 2021 is primarily comprised of a net decrease in the debt (primarily the Revolver) of $119.0 million compared to $48.7 million in the prior year. In addition
 the Company purchased $4.4 million of treasury stock in 2021 compared to $12.7 million in 2020. Lastly
 the Company made a $10.0 million investment in CraftAg during 2020.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     

172

     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     


     
     
     

467

     
     
     

335

     



  




       7







       &#xa0;




  
  
  

467.6&#xa0;million compared to $1
335.8&#xa0;million for the prior year
 an increase of $131.8&#xa0;million. The overall increase was driven by a $186.6&#xa0;million increase in canned vegetables sales along with a $4.7 million increase in other sales that was partially offset by declines in frozen sales of $16.7 million
 fruit product sales of $9.1 million
 and chip product sales of $0.4 million. Additionally
 prepared foods sales decreased by $33.2 million in 2021 compared to 2020 due to the sale of the business in December 2020. The overall increase in sales is attributable to increased sales volume of $74.2&#xa0;million and higher selling prices/ favorable sales mix of $57.6&#xa0;million
 both predominantly due to canned vegetables.
  
  
  
  
  



     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


Selling
 General
 and Administrative expense
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     


Interest Expense
 net
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
     



  
  
  

 general and administrative expense was at 5.4% of sales in 2021 and 5.8% of sales in 2020. The decrease as a percentage of net sales is primarily due to higher sales and the fixed nature of certain expenses.
  

 a loss on the sale of unused fixed assets of $0.4 million
 a loss of $3.2 million on the disposition of equipment that was previously held for sale
 and a charge of $0.2 for severance. The Company also recorded a charge of $1.2 million for a supplemental early retirement plan. Other operating income in 2020 includes a gain on the partial sale of a plant in the Midwest of $3.3 million and a gain on the sale of a plant in the Northwest of $8.2 million. The Company also recorded a gain on the sale of unused fixed assets of $1.2 million.
  
  
  

 respectively. During 2021
 the Company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $9.7 million to its equity method investment representing the difference between the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s investment and its proportionate share of the investment&#x2019;s fair value. This charge was included in &#x201c;Loss from equity investment&#x201d; in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings.
  

 net
 decreased from $11.8&#xa0;million in 2020 to $6.1&#xa0;million in 2021 due mostly to lower average Revolver borrowings during the year in 2021 versus 2020.
  

 continuing pre-tax earnings increased from $65.6 million in 2020 to pre-tax earnings of $160.0 million in 2021. The effective tax rate was 21.2% in 2021 and 22.0% in 2020.&#xa0;The decrease of 0.8 percentage points in the effective tax rate for the year is primarily the result of two items. The Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act)
 among other things
 allows NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31
 2017 and before January 01
 2021 to be carried back to each of the five preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. Seneca was able to carryback the NOL generated in the 2019 tax year at a 21% corporate tax rate to the 2015 tax year at a 35% corporate tax rate. The tax rate difference realized for the NOL carryback decreased the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate by 2.8%. See Footnote 8 for the full tax rate reconciliation.
  




       8







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-14
 Compensation&#x2014;Retirement Benefits&#x2014;Defined Benefit Plans&#x2014;General (Topic 715-20): Disclosure Framework&#x2014;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans. ASU 2018-14 became effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2020. The Company adopted the standard for its fiscal year ended March 31
 2021 and the adoption of ASU 2018-14 did not have an impact on the consolidated financial statements as this ASU only modified disclosure requirements. See Note 10 &#x201c;Retirement Plants&#x201d; and related disclosures.
  

 the SEC issued a final rule that amends the financial statement requirements for acquisitions and dispositions of businesses. The amendments primarily relate to disclosures required by Rule 3-05 and Article 11 of Regulation S-X. Among other things
 the final rule modifies the tests provided in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X used to determine whether a subsidiary or an acquired or disposed business is significant. The amendments took effect January 1
 2021 and the Company did not elect to early adopt the provisions of the final rule prior to that date. This rule
 as amended
 did not impact the Company&#x2019;s financial statement disclosures in fiscal 2021.
  

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#x201c;ASU&#x201d;) 2020-04
 which provides optional guidance for a limited time to ease the potential accounting burden associated with the expected market transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. LIBOR is used to determine interest expense related to the Company&#x2019;s Revolver
 which matures in 2026. This update was effective starting March 12
 2020 and the Company may elect to apply the amendments prospectively through December 31
 2022. We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2020-04 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
  

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12 to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enacted tax laws or rate changes. The new standard will be effective for the Company in the first quarter fiscal year 2022. We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.
  

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was subsequently amended in November 2018 through ASU No. 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. ASU No. 2016-13 will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further
 the new credit loss model will affect how entities in all industries estimate their allowance for losses for receivables that are current with respect to their payment terms. In November 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10
 which
 among other things
 deferred the application of the new guidance on credit losses for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
 the Company expects to adopt ASU No. 2016-03
 and the related ASU No. 2018-19 amendments
 beginning as of April 1
 2023 and is in the process of assessing the impact
 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#x2019;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.
  




       9







       &#xa0;





    &#xa0;

  


    
     

    
     

    
     

    
(In thousands of dollars
 except per share amounts)



  

Years ended March 31



1
467
1
335
769


1
235
1
193
881
Selling
 general
79
76
971
Other operating income
29
12
653
7
046
1
286
1
265
245

181
70
524
11
453
3
7
018
Interest expense
 net of interest income of $
6
11
834

160
65
615
33
14
427
126
51
188
1
147
126
52
335












  


    
     



  




       10







       &#xa0;




  

    &#xa0;



    
     

    
     

    
     

    
     



  

Years ended March 31



126
52
335
($19
20

60
60
935

186
8
600


  



     



  




       11







       &#xa0;




  

    &#xa0;



    
     

    
     

    
     

    
     



  

March 31




59
10
702
Accounts receivable
1

92
109
802
7
610

343
411
631
8
656
8
4
350
2
7
323
516
551
600
Deferred income tax asset
7
872
1
026
8
26
042
62
851
Right-of-use assets operating
42
60
663
Right-of-use assets financing
30
33
617
Property
 plant
 and equipment:
26
24
955
188
184
945
430
408
385
644
618
285
396
389
796
Net property
 plant
248
228
489
909
909
309



74
71
194
4
7
758
11
11
876
15
11
864
24
17
808

28
28
274
158
149
654
Long-term debt
94
217
081
Operating lease obligations
27
42
760
Financing lease obligations
19
24
366
75
742
4
5
342
Deferred income tax liability
28
306
331
514
945



3
3
041
98
98
384
Treasury stock
91
88
319
19
79
220
585
459
797
577
394
364
909
909
309


  



     



  




       12







       &#xa0;




  

    &#xa0;



    
     

    
     

    
     

    
     



  




Years ended March 31

      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
126
100
      
      
      
52
335
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
32
375
      
      
      
30
933
      


      
      
      
16
650
      
      
      
15
529
      


      
      
      
31
938
      
      
      
13
086
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
5
626
      


      
      
      
11
453
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
1
479
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
24
280
      
      
      
33
290
      


      
      
      
68
487
      
      
      
90
053
      


      
      
      
4
083
      
      
      
4
332
      


Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities
      
      
65
936
      
      
      
13
509
      


      
      
      
4
035
      
      
      
3
129
      


      
      
      
183
180
      
      
      
127
317
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment
      
      
71
431
      
      
      
65
686
      


      
      
      
73
688
      
      
      
22
529
      


      
      
      
2
257
      
      
      
43
157
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
478
059
      
      
      
494
098
      


      
      
      
597
055
      
      
      
542
778
      


      
      
      
6
321
      
      
      
6
437
      


      
      
      
6
604
      
      
      
17
125
      


      
      
      
4
358
      
      
      
12
673
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
136
302
      
      
      
84
938
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
49
135
      
      
      
      
      


Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
      
      
10
702
      
      
      
11
480
      


Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year
      
      
59
837
      
      
      
10
702
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
5
094
      
      
      
10
836
      


      
      
      
22
692
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
7
975
      


Property
 plant and equipment issued under finance and operating leases
      
      
3
749
      
      
      
10
843
      


Property
 plant and equipment purchased on account
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      




  



     



  




       13







       &#xa0;




  

    &#xa0;



    
     

    
     

    
     

    
(In thousands
 except share amounts)



  

   





Balance March 31
3
98
75
18
409
504
52
335



12
673

2
019
20
60
935
Balance March 31
3
98
88
79
459
797
126
100


1
479
4
358

19
60
153
Balance March 31
3
98
91
19
585
874


  




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


March 31
 2021
      
      
200
000
      
      
      
1
400
000
      
      
      
33
855
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
20
000
000
      
      
      
10
000
000
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


March 31
 2020
      
      
200
000
      
      
      
807
240
      
      
      
35
355
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
7
383
993
      
      
      
1
733
902
      


March 31
 2021
      
      
200
000
      
      
      
807
240
      
      
      
33
855
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
7
353
545
      
      
      
1
709
638
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
2
545
      
      
      
      
      




  



     



  




       14







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

    &#xa0;


   
   
   
   
&#x2014; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions
 profits
 and balances.
   
&#x2014; Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&#xa0;&#xa0;In general
 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms


 for further discussion of the policy.
   

 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions 
   
%
2020

 the Company has 
   
 March 31
 2021
 million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund that invests in high-quality
 short-term obligations that present minimal credit risk including U.S. government securities
 demand notes of U.S. and foreign corporations
 certificates of deposit and time deposits
 March 31
 2020.
   
)
 accounts receivable
11

 for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.
   
   
   
   

   
   

   
   

   
 March 31

 which is classified within Level 
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
&#x2014; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt
 March 31
 2021 
   
&#x2014; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in
 
   
   
   

 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income
 the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.
   

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense.
   
&#x2014;The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time
 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings
 land and equipment.
   
&#x2014; Discontinued operations comprise those activities that have been disposed of during the period or that have been classified as held for sale at the end of the period


 cash flows and the balance sheet amounts pertaining to this as a component of discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements.
   

 information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations.
   
2020

   
&#x2014; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value
 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&#xa0; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
&#xa0;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)
 and current market conditions. Management believes these provisions are adequate based upon the relevant information presently available.
   
 series of convertible preferred stock
 which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&#xa0;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &#x201c;two-class&#x201d; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   

 which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.
   

Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

126
51
188

126
51
165

125
50
959
9
9
264


125
50
959

125
50
979
9
9
264


9
9
333



   

Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

1
147

1
124

1
119
9
264


1
119

1
139
9
264


9
333



   
&#x2014; Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 million

2020

   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   

 the Company&#x2019;s assesses the potential for an other-than-temporary impairment of its equity method investment when impairment indicators are identified. The Company considers all available information
 including the recoverability of the investment
 the earnings and near-term prospects of the investment
 factors related to the industry
 amongst others relevant information. If an investment is considered to be impaired and the decline in value is other than temporary


   
&#x2014; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the related revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.
   
 August 2018
14
): Disclosure Framework&#x2014;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans
 December 15
 March 31
 2021 
   
 May 2020
 Among other things
 January 1
 January 1
 2021 
   
 March 2020
04
 which provides optional guidance for a limited time to ease the potential accounting burden associated with the expected market transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. LIBOR is used to determine interest expense related to the Company&#x2019;s Revolver
 March 12
 December 31
 2022. 
   
 December 2019
 to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.
   
 June 2016
13
19
 will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further

10

 among other things

 2022
 reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
03
 amendments


 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#x2019;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
 March 31
 2021

 which requires the Company to present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company recorded a charge of $
   

March 31
 2021

Property
8
656
8
656



  
  

    &#xa0;


   
   
 July 13
 2018
 October 9
 2018
63
326
%) and because the Company was exiting the production of peaches
 this sale represented a significant strategic shift that has a material effect on the Company&#x2019;s operations and financial results. Accordingly
 the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for this sale as required by Accounting Standards Codification 
   
   
   

March 31
March 31
 2020




1
026
1
026





   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   

    
March 31
March 31
 2020





Selling
 General and Administrative
1
150

1
093
1
093


Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
1
147


   
902
000


  

    &#xa0;


   
   
10
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 
 which contributed approximately 
   
   
   
   
   
private label products to retailers
 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#x2019; own or controlled labels;

   
private label and branded products to the foodservice industry
 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators;

   
branded products under our own proprietary brands
 primarily on a national basis to retailers;

   
   

   
   

   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   
   

 segment revenue is disaggregated by product category groups (in thousands):
   

    
March 31
March 31 
2020
1
172
986
080
102
119
044
88
97
393
71
105
044
10
11
475
21
16
733
1
467
1
335
769


   
   
   

 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied.&#xa0;&#xa0;The Company&#x2019;s primary performance obligation is the production of&#xa0;food&#xa0;products and secondarily case and labeling services and storage services for certain bill and hold sales.
   

 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
 as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&#xa0;&#xa0;
   
 performance obligation
 we allocate the contract&#x2019;s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.&#xa0;&#xa0;The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data.&#xa0;&#xa0;
   
 year. As such
 March 31
 2021 
   
   
   

 quantity
 price
be more extended
 year are granted at contract inception.&#xa0;&#xa0;As a result
 we do 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 some contracts include some form of variable consideration.&#xa0;&#xa0;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#x2019;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions 
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   
   
 March 31
2020

   
   
   

 primarily sales commissions
 requiring capitalization under the new standard.&#xa0;&#xa0;The Company continues to expense these costs as incurred because the amortization period for the costs would have been 

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
 March 24
 2021
 March 31
 March 24

 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains borrowing base requirements as well as a financial covenant
 if certain circumstances apply. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 months. Accordingly
 the Company&#x2019;s need to draw on the Revolver 

  

    &#xa0;


   
   

    

Revolving credit facility
 
1
106
924
Farm Credit term loan
 
96
99
941
Bluegrass tax exempt bonds
10
000
Economic development note
 
 due through 2022

98
217
581
4
500
94
217
081


   
5

 for discussion of the Revolver.
   

 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict
 with specified exceptions
 the Company&#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends on the Company&#x2019;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s assets
 enter into consolidations or mergers
25
000
 March 31
 2021.
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
50


000
   
 May 28

 June 1
 million
 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt. This agreement contains certain covenants
 including maintaining a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth.
   

 including the Revolver
 is $
   
   
   

    
4
500
4
000
4
000
4
000
81
869

98
585


   


    &#xa0;


   
   

 current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations
 provide an implicit rate
include options to extend or terminate the lease
 separate lease and nonlease components for its leases when it is impractical to separate the two
 such as leases with variable payment arrangements. Leases with an initial term of 
   



 which are included in the liability calculation when the option is at the sole discretion of the Company and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. In addition
 the Company has certain leases that have variable payments based solely on output or usage of the leased asset. These variable operating lease assets are excluded from the Company&#x2019;s balance sheet presentation and expensed as incurred. Leases with an initial term of 
   
02


019
000
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   

    
March 31
March 31
 2020



4
4
335
1
1
353
5
5
688
23
30
190
29
35
878


1
1
353
23
29
845
6
6
437
31
37
635

1
4
424
2
6
419








   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   

 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively

 2021 
   

    
18
7
665
14
7
665
7
6
096
3
2
713
1
1
625
3
2
786
48
28
550
3
2
540
44
26
010
17
6
778
27
19
232


   

 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively

 2020 
   

    
23
7
313
18
7
313
13
7
313
6
5
786
3
2
395
4
3
995
69
34
115
5
3
524
64
30
591
21
6
225
42
24
366


   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
   
   

    


13
1
912
4
1
187
17
266


13
14
251
3
1
278
16
15
529
33
14
804


   
   

   
   
   

    












   
2020
 March 27
 2020

 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted. The CARES Act
 among other things

 January 01
2020

   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   

    


5
5
581
2
204

2
2
219

6
26
562



1
589
2
233
20
38
369

17
12
664

1
239
4
4
373
21
7
540
43
26
024
4
4
473
28
7
872


   
31
31

   
 million (California
 net of Federal impact)
 million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 (Wisconsin)
 (New York)
 March 31
 2021
 million
 assured
 that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced if actual future income or income taxes rates are lower than estimated or if there are differences in the timing or amount of future reversals of existing taxable or deductible temporary differences.
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
31

   

    

2
065


1
123



1
626

Balance as of March 31
2
065


   
 March 31
 decrease is the reversal of the tax liability related to the UTB created in prior years. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties
 the disallowance of these positions would 
   
 March 31
2020
 million increase
 respectively

2020
 million of interest and penalties accrued
 respectively
 associated with unrecognized tax benefits.
   

 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 longer being uncertain. As a result of the statute of limitations lapse and in accordance with its accounting policies
 the Company recorded a decrease to the liability and a decrease to tax expense of $
   
 March 31
 March 31
 2017 

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
200
%) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
30

8
200
 par value
 Class&#xa0;A
% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#x2014;Series&#xa0;B (&#x201c;Series&#xa0;B Preferred&#x201d;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&#xa0;
   

 basis into shares of Class&#xa0;A Common Stock
 In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
31
2021
6
765
645
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
33
31
1

967
31

   
407
31
400
31
200
31
20
3
000
   
&#x2014; The Class&#xa0;A Common Stock and the Class&#xa0;B Common Stock have substantially identical rights with respect to any dividends or distributions of cash or property declared on shares of common stock
 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&#x2019;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&#xa0;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
2021

   
33
31
 Additionally

35
31
2020

   
 million

 March 31
 2021
 million

103

28
10

   



      
       







        &#xa0;




   
   

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
 January 1
 2020. 
   
31
31

   

    



278
250
461
9
9
244
9
9
064
1
114
17
20
146
28
9
574
286
278
227



202
233
112
103
46
325
73
26
000
29
10
302
348
202
485

62
75
742


   
 March 31
2020

 the Society of Actuaries released an updated mortality table for fiscal year 
   
 March 31
 March 31
 2021 
   

    




26
105
866
26
106
215


   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   

    

adjustments
 net




Balance at March 31
79
220
60
153
Balance at March 31
19
067


   
   
   

    


10
9
935
9
9
064
15
16
746
9
919

14
2
952

14
3
070


   
   
   
   
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   

    

















   
   
   

    
Assets at March 31












   
   

 which are valued at fair market value


   
   
   
2021

   
   
   

 the Company maintained an investment policy designed to achieve a long-term rate of return by investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices
 as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The Company is currently in the process of reviewing its investment policy and shifting towards more liability-driven investments to reduce the ongoing volatility of the Plan&#x2019;s funded status. As an initial step

 of the assets into liability-hedging investment grade fixed income investments
 of the assets in diversified public company equities. Additionally


 with more assets being allocated to fixed income investments as the funded status improves to continue to reduce the Plan&#x2019;s funded status volatility.
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   
31

   

    



   
   
   

11
178
11
290
11
913
12
640
13
342
75
496


   
   
   
2020
2020

   
   
   
   

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
   
   

    




Long-term debt
98
97
217
217
559


   
)
 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value
 which is Level 
   



      
       







        &#xa0;




   
   

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
30
2007

 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
2020

2020
2020
 March 31
 2020. 
   




       
       
       
       
       
       
       


       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       


       
       
       
317
654
       
       
       
351
251
       


       
       
       
25
175
       
       
       
31
173
       


       
       
       
128
987
       
       
       
173
474
       


       
       
       
471
816
       
       
       
555
898
       


       
       
       
128
672
       
       
       
144
267
       


       
       
       
343
144
       
       
       
411
631
       





  

    &#xa0;


   
   
 million on the disposal of equipment from a sold Northwest plant
 million
 million on the disposition of equipment that was previously held for sale
 and a charge of $
   
   
   



      
       







        &#xa0;




   
   

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
 reportable segments &#x2014; the primary segment is the packaging and sale of fruits and vegetables
 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products
 third
 the sale of snack products and finally
 &#x201c;Other&#x201d; in the table below represents activity related to can sales
 trucking
 seed sales
 and flight operations.
   

    



1
363
71
10
21
1
467
644
175
1
2
181
067
853
51
2
908
232
67
1
1
71
450
29
2
32
376


1
202
105
11
16
1
335
769
65
3
70
524
853
51
2
908
068
63
2
66
440
26
3
30
933



  

    &#xa0;


   
   

 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&#x2019; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 limited to
 environmental
 employee
 feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.

  

    &#xa0;


   
   
2021

   
2020
 million was for accelerated amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets
 $
   
   
   




       







        &#xa0;




   
   
   
   
   

    



Balance March 31
 2019
1
5
7
046
1
5
7
070
Balance March 31
 2020


Balance March 31
 2021



  

    &#xa0;


   
   
2020
 million
2020

   
 March 31
2020
 million
 respectively. The Foundation is a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions. This Foundation is managed by current employees of the Company.&#xa0;
   



      
       







        &#xa0;








      &#xa0;



  

    &#xa0;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2021 and 2020
 the related statements of consolidated net earnings
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2021
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#x201c;financial statements&#x201d;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of March 31
 2021 and 2020
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31
 2021
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
  

 2021
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#x201c;PCAOB&#x201d;)
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our report dated June 11
 2021
 expresses an unqualified opinion.
  
  
  
  
  
  

 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
  




       37







       &#xa0;




  
  
  
  
  

 subjective
 or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
 providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
  
  
  
  
  

 2021
 the Company&#x2019;s inventory was $343.1 million. As described in Notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company accounts for substantially all its inventory at the lower of cost
 determined using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
 or market. As permitted by U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 the Company maintains its inventory costs and cost of goods sold on a first-in
 first-out (FIFO) basis and adjusts total inventory and cost of goods sold from FIFO to LIFO at the end of each year. The Company values its inventory under the LIFO method based on the inventory levels and the prevailing inventory costs existing at that time.
  

 manual calculations
 and judgements in the LIFO reserve. Auditing management&#x2019;s calculation was complex and required a high degree of auditor judgement and subjectivity when performing audit procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained.
  
  
  
  

 among others:
  


    
     
     
We obtained an understanding
 evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company&#x2019;s calculation of the adjustments to convert FIFO inventory balances to LIFO
 including controls over management&#x2019;s review of the manual calculations described above.





    
     
     
Tested the completeness
 accuracy
 and relevance of the underlying data used in management&#x2019;s calculation to adjust the FIFO inventory balances to LIFO.





    
     
     
     





    
     
     
     



  

 P.C.&#xa0; &#xa0; &#xa0; &#xa0; &#xa0;&#xa0;
  
  

 Michigan &#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;&#xa0;
  

 2021
  




       38







       &#xa0;




  

    &#xa0;


   



   
   

    



Year-ended March 31
 2021:
1
(1
304)
4
4
674

Year-ended March 31
 2020:
1
1
598
3
4
473


   
   
(a) Accounts written off
 net of recoveries.

   



      
       







        &#xa0;




   


    &#xa0;

  
  
  
 Marion
 New York
  

 2021&#xa0;relating to the consolidated financial statements of Seneca Foods Corporation
 which is incorporated in Item 8 of Form 10-K by reference to the Annual Report to Shareholders for the years ended March 31
 2021 and 2020&#xa0;also included the audit of the consolidated financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. This consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audit.
  

 such consolidated financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.
  

 P.C.
  
  
  

 Michigan




       40







       &#xa0;




  
  
  



     
     
     


Kathryn J. Boor
 Ph.D.
     
     


Dean
 College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
     
     


     


     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


My-T Acres
 Inc.
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
Vice President
 Controller and&#xa0;


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


     
     
     


George E. Hopkins
 III
     
     


     
     
     



  




       41
















	








 directly or indirectly:





			


			


		
			
			



			


			





 Inc.


			



			
			


			
			



			


			





 Inc.


			



			
			




 LLC


			




			


			






















	









 333-145916 and 333-166846) on Form S-8 of Seneca Foods Corporation with respect to our reports dated June 11
 2021
 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of Seneca Foods Corporation&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting
 which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on From 10-K.&nbsp; We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated June 11
 2021 relating to the consolidated financial statement schedule
 which appears in this Form 10-K


 P.C.



 2021

 Michigan






















	








 Paul L. Palmby
 certify that:



			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






			

			

			

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






			

			

			

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;






			

			

			

 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






			

			

			

 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and






			

			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






			

			

			

 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






			

			

			

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.







		


 2021


			


		
			

			
			






















	








 Timothy J. Benjamin
 certify that:



			

			


			






			

			



 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






			

			



 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






			

			


			






			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;






			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;






			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and






			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and






			

			



 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):






			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and






			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.







		


 2021


			


		
			

			

 Chief Financial Officer
			






















	






18. U.S.C. SECTION 1350






 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 we
 Paul L. Palmby
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Timothy J. Benjamin
 Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to our knowledge:




			

			
			







			

			

 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.






		
			

			


		
			

			
			

 2021







		
			

			
			

 Chief Financial Officer
			


		
			


 2021













































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    

 plant







    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Net



    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 including
 but not limited to



    
    

 including interest expense
 attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to



    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    

 plant



    

 Vegetable and Fruit Products Sold

    


    

 Vegetable and Fruit Products Sold

    


    
    


    






    


    






    


    
    
    



 plant



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Tax Effect of Discontinued Operation



    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 accrued expenses



    




    


    




    


    

 Not Discontinued Operation



    






    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    
    


    

 at Carrying Value



    

 Plan Assets
 Amount

    
    


    
    
    



 12-09
 Allowance



    



 Lease Liability

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Plan Assets



    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 but is not limited to



    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    






    
    






    
    


    
    






    
    


    

 Periodic Payment



    

 Shares



    




    
    


    
    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost







    
    









 Shares Outstanding



    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    


    


    










    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    






    


    




    
    


    

 Plan Assets



    

 Preferred Stock

    


    
    


    


    


    

 Not Discontinued Operation



    
    


    






    




    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    

 Value
 Acquired

    


    


    


    


    

 Value





    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    



 general



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue


 including
 but not limited to



    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    






    


    


    


    
    


    



 net of interest income of $42 and $25



    






    
    


    








    



 Plan Assets








 Plan Assets







    




    


    




    




    












    








    




    
    


    











 Depletion



























    





 12-09




 12-09
 Valuation Allowance



    



 12-09



    














    
    


    

 LIFO Reserve
 Effect on Income
 Net



    




    




    






    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    








    
    










    
    

 Tax Law Change


 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations



    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    

 CARES Act

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    








    
    




    




    

 Asset
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current



    
    


    


    
    


    

 Shares Issued



    






    






    


    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Financial Covenants

    


    










    

 Plant and Equipment




 Period of Adoption






 Dividend Rate



    


    






    


    


    


    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $339 and $1
598



    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    




    






    
    


    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    

 Net



    


    


    


    

 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued



    
    


    




    




    



 Credit Risk



    


    
    



 Held-for-sale



    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Expense



    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    






    




    

 Net



    










    


    
    


    


    






    


    
    


    


    

 Unamortized Discount



    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    

 Lapses of Applicable Statute of Limitations

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    



 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of fixed assets owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement



    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 12-09



    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    

 Covenant

    


    
    


    


    

 Covenant

    


    
    


    

 Percent

    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Dividends Per Share



    


    
    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods



    
    


    
    
    



 Including Discontinued Operations



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    






    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    






    
    

 including
 but not limited to















    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    

528) and $20
312



    
    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Net of Cash Divested



    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    




    






    
    




    
    

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
























 Incorporation




 Address




 Address




 Address








 Address































 Interactive Data



























 Common Stock Shares



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:senea=http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
  xmlns:thunderdome=http://www.RDGFilings.com
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
  xmlns:utr=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/utr
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            



        


        




                


                




        


        


        


        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

      contextRef=d202110K_StatementClassOfStockAxis_7343745
      decimals=INF


      contextRef=d202110K_StatementClassOfStockAxis_1705938
      decimals=INF


 2021 (the &#x201c;2021 Annual Report&#x201d;) applicable to Part I
 Item 1
 Part II
 Items 5&#x2011;9A and Part IV


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148366


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148367


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148397


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148398


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148407


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148408


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      id=c74148483
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      id=c74148484
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148643


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148655


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148709


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148908

    
    

      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-LineOfCreditMember
      decimals=4
      id=c74149234


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-LineOfCreditMember
      decimals=4
      id=c74149235


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TermLoanMember
      decimals=3
      id=c74149240


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TermLoanMember
      decimals=4
      id=c74149241


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TaxExemptBondMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149246


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TaxExemptBondMember
      decimals=4
      id=c74149247


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149252


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149253


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-SeriesAPreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149608


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149610


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=4
      id=c74149582


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis-SalesRevenueNetMember_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis-GeographicConcentrationRiskMember_StatementGeographicalAxis-NonUsMember
      decimals=3
      id=c74149826


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149956


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149958


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74148764


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74148765


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148777


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148779


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148781


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148783


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148803


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148805


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74148860


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74148861


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148866


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148867


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148868


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148869


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148876


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148877


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74148878


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74148879


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148884


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148885


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148886


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148887


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148345


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148346


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148348


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148349


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148350


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148351


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148352


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148353


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148354


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148355


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148356


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148357


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148358


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148359


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148360


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148361


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148362


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148363


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148364


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148365


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148368


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148369


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148370


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148371


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148372


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148373


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148374


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148375


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148376


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148377


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148379


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148380


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148381


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148382


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148383


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148384


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148386


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148387


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148388


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148389


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148390


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148391


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148393


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148394


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148395


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148396


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148399


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148400


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148403


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148404


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148405


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148406


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148409


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148410


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148411


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148412


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148413


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148414


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148415


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148416


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148417


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148418


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148419


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148420


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148421


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148422


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148423


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148424


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148425


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148426


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148427


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148428


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148429


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148430


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148431


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148432


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148433


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148434


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148436


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148437


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148438


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148439


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148440


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148441


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148442


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148443


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148444


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148445


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148446


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148447


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148448


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148449


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148452


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148453


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148454


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148455


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148456


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148457


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148458


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148459


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148460


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148461


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148462


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148463


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148464


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148465


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148466


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148467


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148468


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148469


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148470


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148471


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148472


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148473


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148474


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148475


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148476


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148477


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148478


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148479


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148480


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148481


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148486


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148487


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148488


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148489


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148490


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148491


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148492


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148493


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148494


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148495


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148496


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148497


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148498


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148499


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148500


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148501


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148503


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148504


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148506


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148507


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148508


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148509


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148510


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148511


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148512


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148513


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148514


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148515


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148516


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148517


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148519


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148520


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148521


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148522


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148523


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148524


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148525


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148526


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148527


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148528


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148529


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148530


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148532


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148533


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148534


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148535


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148536


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148537


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148539


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148540


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148541


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148542


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148543


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148544


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148545


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148546


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148547


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148548


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148549


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148550


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148551


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148552


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148553


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148554


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148555


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148556


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148557


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148558


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148561


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148562


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148563


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148564


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148566


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148567


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148568


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148569


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148570


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148571


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148590


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148591


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148592


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148593


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148594


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148595


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148596


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148597


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148598


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148599


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148600


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148601


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148602


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148603


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148604


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148605


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148606


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148607


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148608


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148609


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148610


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148611


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148612


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148613


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148614


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148615


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148616


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148617


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148618


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148619


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148620


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148621


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148622


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148623


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148624


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148625


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148626


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148627


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148628


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148629


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148630


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148631


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      id=c74148632
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      id=c74148633
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      id=c74148634
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      id=c74148635
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      id=c74148636
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148637


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148644


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148645


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148646


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148647


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148648


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148649


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148656


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148657


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148658


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148659


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148660


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148661


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148662


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148663


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148664


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148665


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148666


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148667


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148668


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148669


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148670


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148671


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148672


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148673


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148674


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148675


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148676


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148677


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148678


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148679


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148680


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148681


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148682


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148683


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148684


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148685


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148686


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148687


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148688


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148689


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148690


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148691


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148692


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148693


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148694


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148695


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148696


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148697


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148698


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148699


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148700


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148701


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148702


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148703


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-PreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148710


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-CommonStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148711


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148712


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148713


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148714


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148715


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148752


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148753


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148754


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148755


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148756


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148757


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148830


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148832


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148834


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148836


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148838


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148840


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148842


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148844


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148846


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148848


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148850


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148852


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74148854


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148855


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148856


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148857


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148858


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148859


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1.&lt;/em&gt; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Nature of Operations &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014;&lt;b&gt; &lt;/b&gt;Seneca Foods Corporation (the &#x201c;Parent Company&#x201d;) and subsidiaries (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;) currently has 26 plants and 25 warehouses in &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74148908&gt;eight&lt;/span&gt; states in support of its operations. The Company markets private label and branded packaged foods to retailers and institutional food distributors.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principles of Consolidation &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions
 profits
 and balances.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
 as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&#160;&#160;See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;4
&lt;/em&gt; Revenue Recognition
 for further discussion of the policy.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#x2019;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;take extended periods of time.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist of trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. Wholesale and retail food distributors comprise a significant portion of the trade receivables; collateral is generally &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; required. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company&#x2019;s total net sales. The top &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;ten&lt;/em&gt; customers represented approximately 50%
 and 49% of net sales for &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however
 the Company has &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; experienced any losses in such accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash Equivalents &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt; months or less as cash equivalents. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company had $47.4 million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund that invests in high-quality
 short-term obligations that present minimal credit risk including U.S. government securities
 demand notes of U.S. and foreign corporations
 certificates of deposit and time deposits
 and asset backed securities. There were no such investments as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 accounts receivable
 short-term debt (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/em&gt;) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;11
&lt;/em&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt;-tier value hierarchy is utilized to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt;) and the lowest priority to unobserved inputs (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt;). The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt; levels are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;include an investment in a money market fund
 which is classified within Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt; of the fair value hierarchy because it has readily-available market prices in active markets that are publicly accessible at the measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deferred Financing Costs &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt
 which is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;there were $0.9 million of unamortized financing cost included in other current assets and $0.1 million of unamortized financing costs included as a contra to long-term debt and current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inventories &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in
 &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt;-out (&#x201c;LIFO&#x201d;) method; or market.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company evaluates the likelihood of realization of its net deferred income tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and by adjusting the amount of such allowance
 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income
 the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Current rules on the accounting for uncertainty on income taxes prescribe a minimum recognition threshold for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that is required to be met before being recognized in the financial statements. Those rules also provide guidance on derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;/&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets Held for Sale&lt;/b&gt;&#x2014;The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time
 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 are presented separately on the consolidated balance sheet at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less costs to sell and depreciation is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings
 land and equipment.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 and represent a separate major line of business or geographical area that can be clearly distinguished for operational and financial reporting purposes. In fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/em&gt; the Company sold its Modesto fruit operations and began reporting the results of operations
 cash flows and the balance sheet amounts pertaining to this as a component of discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Unless otherwise indicated
 information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Advertising Costs &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs charged to continuing operations were $1.8 million and $2.2 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Receivable and Doubtful Accounts &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value
 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&#160; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
 experience of delinquencies (accounts over &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;15&lt;/em&gt;&#160;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)
 and current market conditions. Management believes these provisions are adequate based upon the relevant information presently available.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&#160;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &#x201c;two-class&#x201d; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing earnings attributable to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the &#x201c;if-converted&#x201d; method
 which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 except per share amounts)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



188&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



165&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



979&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 except per share amounts)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


147&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


139&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was $27.1 million and $26.1 million
 in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements &#x2014; 30&#160;years; machinery and equipment &#x2014; 10-15&#160;years; computer software &#x2014; 3-5&#160;years; vehicles &#x2014; 3-7&#160;years; and land improvements &#x2014; 10-20&#160;years.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Additionally
 the Company&#x2019;s assesses the potential for an other-than-temporary impairment of its equity method investment when impairment indicators are identified. The Company considers all available information
 including the recoverability of the investment
 the earnings and near-term prospects of the investment
 factors related to the industry
 amongst others relevant information. If an investment is considered to be impaired and the decline in value is other than temporary
 an impairment charge is recorded. During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; the Company recorded an other-than-temporary impairment charge of $9.7 million to its equity method investment representing the difference between the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s investment and its proportionate share of the investment&#x2019;s fair value. This charge was included in &#x201c;Loss from equity investment&#x201d; in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings. There were no significant impairment losses in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;/&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the related revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14
&lt;/em&gt; Compensation&#x2014;Retirement Benefits&#x2014;Defined Benefit Plans&#x2014;General (Topic &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;715&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/em&gt;): Disclosure Framework&#x2014;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans. ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/em&gt; became effective for annual periods ending after &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2020. &lt;/em&gt;The Company adopted the standard for its fiscal year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and the adoption of ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/em&gt; did &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; have an impact on the consolidated financial statements as this ASU only modified disclosure requirements. See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/em&gt; &#x201c;Retirement Plants&#x201d; and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; May 2020
 &lt;/em&gt;the SEC issued a final rule that amends the financial statement requirements for acquisitions and dispositions of businesses. The amendments primarily relate to disclosures required by Rule &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;05&lt;/em&gt; and Article &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;11&lt;/em&gt; of Regulation S-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;X.&lt;/em&gt; Among other things
 the final rule modifies the tests provided in Rule &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;02&lt;/em&gt;(w) of Regulation S-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;X&lt;/em&gt; used to determine whether a subsidiary or an acquired or disposed business is significant. The amendments took effect &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and the Company elected &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; to early adopt the provisions of the final rule prior to that date. Therefore the final rule became effective &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and did &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; impact the Company&#x2019;s financial statement disclosures in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 2020
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#x201c;ASU&#x201d;) &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;04
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;i&gt;Reference Rate Reform: Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting&lt;/i&gt; which provides optional guidance for a limited time to ease the potential accounting burden associated with the expected market transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. LIBOR is used to determine interest expense related to the Company&#x2019;s Revolver
 which matures in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2026.&lt;/em&gt; This update was effective starting &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 12
 2020 &lt;/em&gt;and the Company &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;elect to apply the amendments prospectively through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2022. &lt;/em&gt;We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;04&lt;/em&gt; will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 2019
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/em&gt; to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enacted tax laws or rate changes. The new standard will be effective for the Company in the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; quarter fiscal year &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022.&lt;/em&gt; We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; June 2016
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;13
&lt;/em&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;326&lt;/em&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was subsequently amended in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; November 2018 &lt;/em&gt;through ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;19
&lt;/em&gt; Codification Improvements to Topic &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;326,&lt;/em&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;13&lt;/em&gt; will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further
 the new credit loss model will affect how entities in all industries estimate their allowance for losses for receivables that are current with respect to their payment terms. In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; November 2019
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10
&lt;/em&gt; which
 among other things
 deferred the application of the new guidance on credit losses for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2022
 &lt;/em&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
 the Company expects to adopt ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;03
&lt;/em&gt; and the related ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/em&gt; amendments
 beginning as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2023 &lt;/em&gt;and is in the process of assessing the impact
 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#x2019;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; Certain previously reported amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period classification.&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_RealEstatePropertiesAxis-SenecaFoodPlantsMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148901


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_RealEstatePropertiesAxis-SenecaFoodsWarehousesMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74148905


 profits


 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
 as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&#160;&#160;See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;4
&lt;/em&gt; Revenue Recognition
 for further discussion of the policy.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#x2019;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result


 and 49% of net sales for &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis-SalesRevenueNetMember_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis-CustomerConcentrationRiskMember_MajorCustomersAxis-TopTenCustomersMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74148922


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis-SalesRevenueNetMember_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis-CustomerConcentrationRiskMember_MajorCustomersAxis-TopTenCustomersMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74148925


 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company had $47.4 million of cash and cash equivalents invested in a money market fund that invests in high-quality
 short-term obligations that present minimal credit risk including U.S. government securities
 demand notes of U.S. and foreign corporations
 certificates of deposit and time deposits
 and asset backed securities. There were no such investments as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis-MoneyMarketFundsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148943


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis-MoneyMarketFundsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74148946


 accounts receivable
 short-term debt (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/em&gt;) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;11
&lt;/em&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt;-tier value hierarchy is utilized to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt;) and the lowest priority to unobserved inputs (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt;). The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt; levels are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;include an investment in a money market fund


 which is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_BalanceSheetLocationAxis-OtherCurrentAssetsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148973


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_BalanceSheetLocationAxis-CurrentAndNonCurrentPortionOfLongTermDebtMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148975




   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company evaluates the likelihood of realization of its net deferred income tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and by adjusting the amount of such allowance
 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income
 the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Current rules on the accounting for uncertainty on income taxes prescribe a minimum recognition threshold for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that is required to be met before being recognized in the financial statements. Those rules also provide guidance on derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets Held for Sale&lt;/b&gt;&#x2014;The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time
 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 are presented separately on the consolidated balance sheet at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less costs to sell and depreciation is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings


 and represent a separate major line of business or geographical area that can be clearly distinguished for operational and financial reporting purposes. In fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/em&gt; the Company sold its Modesto fruit operations and began reporting the results of operations
 cash flows and the balance sheet amounts pertaining to this as a component of discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Unless otherwise indicated




      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148980


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148981


 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&#160; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
 experience of delinquencies (accounts over &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;15&lt;/em&gt;&#160;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)


 which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&#160;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &#x201c;two-class&#x201d; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing earnings attributable to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the &#x201c;if-converted&#x201d; method
 which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 except per share amounts)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



188&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



165&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



979&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 except per share amounts)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


147&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


139&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31




 except per share amounts)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



188&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



165&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




959&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



979&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;



 except per share amounts)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


147&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


124&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



119&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


139&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

264&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



333&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149064


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149065


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149066


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149067


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149068


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149069


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149070


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149071


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149072


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149073


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149074


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149075


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149076


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149077


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149079


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149080


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149081


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149082


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149083


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149084


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149085


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149086


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149087


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149088


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149089


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149090


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149091


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149092


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149093


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149094


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149096


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149097


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149098


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149099


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149100


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149101


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149102


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149103


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149104


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149105


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149107


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149108


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149109


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149111


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149112


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149113


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149114


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149115


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149116


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149117


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149118


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      id=c74149119
      unitRef=Share


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149120


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149121


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149122


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149123


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149124


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149125


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149126


 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was $27.1 million and $26.1 million
 in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements &#x2014; 30&#160;years; machinery and equipment &#x2014; 10-15&#160;years; computer software &#x2014; 3-5&#160;years; vehicles &#x2014; 3-7&#160;years; and land improvements &#x2014; 10-20&#160;years.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Additionally
 the Company&#x2019;s assesses the potential for an other-than-temporary impairment of its equity method investment when impairment indicators are identified. The Company considers all available information
 including the recoverability of the investment
 the earnings and near-term prospects of the investment
 factors related to the industry
 amongst others relevant information. If an investment is considered to be impaired and the decline in value is other than temporary
 an impairment charge is recorded. During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148989


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74148991


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-MachineryAndEquipmentMember_RangeAxis-MinimumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-MachineryAndEquipmentMember_RangeAxis-MaximumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember_RangeAxis-MinimumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember_RangeAxis-MaximumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-VehiclesMember_RangeAxis-MinimumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-VehiclesMember_RangeAxis-MaximumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-LandImprovementsMember_RangeAxis-MinimumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis-LandImprovementsMember_RangeAxis-MaximumMember


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149007


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149008




 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14
&lt;/em&gt; Compensation&#x2014;Retirement Benefits&#x2014;Defined Benefit Plans&#x2014;General (Topic &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;715&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/em&gt;): Disclosure Framework&#x2014;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans. ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/em&gt; became effective for annual periods ending after &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2020. &lt;/em&gt;The Company adopted the standard for its fiscal year ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and the adoption of ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/em&gt; did &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; have an impact on the consolidated financial statements as this ASU only modified disclosure requirements. See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/em&gt; &#x201c;Retirement Plants&#x201d; and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; May 2020
 &lt;/em&gt;the SEC issued a final rule that amends the financial statement requirements for acquisitions and dispositions of businesses. The amendments primarily relate to disclosures required by Rule &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;05&lt;/em&gt; and Article &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;11&lt;/em&gt; of Regulation S-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;X.&lt;/em&gt; Among other things
 the final rule modifies the tests provided in Rule &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;02&lt;/em&gt;(w) of Regulation S-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;X&lt;/em&gt; used to determine whether a subsidiary or an acquired or disposed business is significant. The amendments took effect &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and the Company elected &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; to early adopt the provisions of the final rule prior to that date. Therefore the final rule became effective &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and did &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; impact the Company&#x2019;s financial statement disclosures in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 2020
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#x201c;ASU&#x201d;) &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;04
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;i&gt;Reference Rate Reform: Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting&lt;/i&gt; which provides optional guidance for a limited time to ease the potential accounting burden associated with the expected market transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. LIBOR is used to determine interest expense related to the Company&#x2019;s Revolver
 which matures in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2026.&lt;/em&gt; This update was effective starting &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 12
 2020 &lt;/em&gt;and the Company &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;elect to apply the amendments prospectively through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2022. &lt;/em&gt;We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;04&lt;/em&gt; will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 2019
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/em&gt; to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enacted tax laws or rate changes. The new standard will be effective for the Company in the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; quarter fiscal year &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022.&lt;/em&gt; We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; June 2016
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;13
&lt;/em&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;326&lt;/em&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was subsequently amended in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; November 2018 &lt;/em&gt;through ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;19
&lt;/em&gt; Codification Improvements to Topic &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;326,&lt;/em&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;13&lt;/em&gt; will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further
 the new credit loss model will affect how entities in all industries estimate their allowance for losses for receivables that are current with respect to their payment terms. In &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; November 2019
 &lt;/em&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10
&lt;/em&gt; which
 among other things
 deferred the application of the new guidance on credit losses for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2022
 &lt;/em&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/em&gt; reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
 the Company expects to adopt ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;03
&lt;/em&gt; and the related ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/em&gt; amendments
 beginning as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2023 &lt;/em&gt;and is in the process of assessing the impact
 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#x2019;s results of operations

    

      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2.&lt;/em&gt; Assets Held For Sale&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company has certain non-operating units in the Midwest and equipment in the Northwest that have met the criteria to be classified as held for sale
 which requires the Company to present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company recorded a charge of $0.6 million in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; in order to properly reflect the carrying value of the assets held for sale as equal to the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell. The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities that were held for sale in our Condensed Consolidated Balance sheets (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149128


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember


 2021&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

656&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149130


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149131


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3.&lt;/em&gt; Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; July 13
 2018
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company executed a nonbinding letter of intent with a perspective buyer of the Modesto facility. On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; October 9
 2018
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company closed on the sale of the facility to this outside buyer with net proceeds of $63
326
000. Based on its magnitude of revenue to the Company (approximately 15%) and because the Company was exiting the production of peaches
 this sale represented a significant strategic shift that has a material effect on the Company&#x2019;s operations and financial results. Accordingly
 the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for this sale as required by Accounting Standards Codification &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;210&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;05&#x2014;Discontinued&lt;/em&gt; Operations. This business we are exiting is part of the Fruit and Vegetable segment.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities of Modesto that are classified as Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations in the Company's Consolidated Condensed balance sheets (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

026&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

026&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The operating results of the discontinued operations that are reflected in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings from discontinued operations are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




147&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

000 credit for pension termination in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2018-10-09_2018-10-09_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149133


      contextRef=d_2018-10-09_2018-10-09_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149134


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember



 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

026&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

026&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;



 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




150&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

093&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




147&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149140


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149141


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149142


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149143


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149144


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149145


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149146


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149147


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149148


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149149


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149150


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149151


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149152


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149153


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149155


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149156


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149157


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149158


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149159


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149160


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149161


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149162


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149163


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149164


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149165


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149166


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149167


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149168


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149169


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149170


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149171


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis-DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-ModestoFacilityMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149172


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-PensionTerminationMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149138


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt;text-indent:-36pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;4.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#160;&lt;b&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company applies the provisions of ASC &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;606&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 &lt;/i&gt;and recognizes revenue under the core principle to depict the transfer of products to customers in an amount reflecting the consideration the Company expects to receive. The Company conducts its business almost entirely in food packaging
 which contributed approximately 98% of the Company's fiscal year &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; net sales.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Nature of products&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company manufactures and sells the following:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#x2019; own or controlled labels;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 primarily on a national basis to retailers;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 16pt; font-variant: normal; margin: 0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Disaggregation of revenue&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;In the following table
 segment revenue is disaggregated by product category groups (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

172

080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


393&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

467

335
769&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;When Performance Obligations Are Satisfied&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account for revenue recognition.&#160;&#160;A contract&#x2019;s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when
 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied.&#160;&#160;The Company&#x2019;s primary performance obligation is the production of&#160;food&#160;products and secondarily case and labeling services and storage services for certain bill and hold sales.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&#160;&#160;In general
 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
 as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&#160;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Customer contracts generally do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; include more than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; performance obligation.&#160;&#160;When a contract does contain more than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; performance obligation
 we allocate the contract&#x2019;s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.&#160;&#160;The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data.&#160;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The performance obligations in our contracts are generally satisfied within &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; year. As such
 we have &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; disclosed the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for labeling and storage as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;which is included in deferred revenue on the consolidated balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Significant Payment Terms&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Our customer contracts identify the product
 quantity
 price
 payment and final delivery terms.&#160;&#160;Payment terms usually include early pay discounts.&#160;&#160;We grant payment terms consistent with industry standards. Although some payment terms &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;be more extended
 &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; terms beyond &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; year are granted at contract inception.&#160;&#160;As a result
 we do &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component because the period between our transfer of a promised good or service to a customer and the customer&#x2019;s payment for that good or service will be generally &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;30&lt;/em&gt; days&#160;or less.&#160;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;All shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in the cost of sales; this includes shipping and handling costs after control over a product has transferred to a customer.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Variable Consideration&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In addition to fixed contract consideration
 some contracts include some form of variable consideration.&#160;&#160;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#x2019;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;take extended periods of time.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 16pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Contract balances&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The contract asset balances are $0.9 million and $7.6 million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. The contract liability balance is immaterial.&#160;&#160;The Company does &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; have significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivable balances because of transactions with customers.&#160; The Company does have deferred revenue for prepaid case and labeling and storage services which have been collected from bill and hold sales.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;i&gt;Contract Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;We have identified certain incremental costs to obtain a contract
 primarily sales commissions
 requiring capitalization under the new standard.&#160;&#160;The Company continues to expense these costs as incurred because the amortization period for the costs would have been &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; year or less.&#160;&#160;The Company does &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; incur significant fulfillment costs requiring capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149176





2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

172

080&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


393&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


044&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


733&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

467

335
769&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-CannedVegetablesMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149195


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-CannedVegetablesMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149196


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-FrozenMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149197


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-FrozenMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149198


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-FruitMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149199


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-FruitMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149200


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-PreparedFoodsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149201


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-PreparedFoodsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149202


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-ChipProductsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149203


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-ChipProductsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149204


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-ManufacturedProductOtherMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149205


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ProductOrServiceAxis-ManufacturedProductOtherMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149206


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149207


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149208


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149189


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149190


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;5.&lt;/em&gt; Revolving Credit Facility&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 24
 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement that provides for a senior revolving credit facility of up to $400.0 million that is seasonally adjusted (the &#x201c;Revolver&#x201d;). Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total $300.0 million from &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April &lt;/em&gt;through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; July &lt;/em&gt;and $400.0 million from &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; August &lt;/em&gt;through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March. &lt;/em&gt;The Revolver balance as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;was $1.0 million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver&#x2019;s &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 24
 2026 &lt;/em&gt;maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility
 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains borrowing base requirements as well as a financial covenant
 if certain circumstances apply. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; June &lt;/em&gt;through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; November &lt;/em&gt;and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149214&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; months but can vary from a few days to &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149215&gt;seven&lt;/span&gt; months. Accordingly
 the Company&#x2019;s need to draw on the Revolver &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;fluctuate significantly throughout the year.&lt;/p&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-24_CreditFacilityAxis-RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
      decimals=-8
      id=c74149210


      contextRef=i_2021-07-31_CreditFacilityAxis-RevolvingCreditFacilityMember_StatementScenarioAxis-ScenarioForecastMember
      decimals=-8
      id=c74149211


      contextRef=i_2022-03-31_CreditFacilityAxis-RevolvingCreditFacilityMember_StatementScenarioAxis-ScenarioForecastMember
      decimals=-8
      id=c74149212


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_CreditFacilityAxis-RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149213


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;6.&lt;/em&gt; Long-Term Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149234&gt;1.38%&lt;/span&gt; and &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149235&gt;2.59%&lt;/span&gt;


924&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

 &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149240&gt;3.30%&lt;/span&gt; and &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149241&gt;4.54%&lt;/span&gt;


941&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

 &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149252&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149253&gt;2.00%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;




581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;See Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;5
&lt;/em&gt; Revolving Credit Facility
 for discussion of the Revolver.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company&#x2019;s debt agreements
 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict
 with specified exceptions
 the Company&#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends on the Company&#x2019;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#x2019;s assets
 enter into consolidations or mergers
 and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Company&#x2019;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants including a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories and also requires the Company to meet a financial covenant related to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if (a) an event of default has occurred or (b) availability on the Revolver is less than the greater of (i) 10% of the commitments then in effect and (ii) $25
000
000. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the minimum EBITDA within the Farm Credit term loan which for fiscal year end &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; will be greater than $50 million. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met all such financial covenants as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company's debt agreements limit the payment of dividends and other distributions. There is an annual total distribution limitation of $50
000
 less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/em&gt; outstanding classes of preferred stock.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; May 28
 2020 &lt;/em&gt;the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East
 ACA that provides for a $100.0 million unsecured term loan. The amended and restated agreement with Farm Credit East has a maturity date of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; June 1
 2025 &lt;/em&gt;and converted the term loan to a fixed interest rate rather than a variable interest rate in addition to requiring quarterly principal payments of $1.0 million
 which commenced during fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt; The Company incurred financing costs totaling $0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt. This agreement contains certain covenants
 including maintaining a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The carrying value of assets pledged for secured debt
 including the Revolver
 is $508.2 million.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Debt repayment requirements for the next &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;five&lt;/em&gt; fiscal years are (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

869&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


585&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;





 &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149234&gt;1.38%&lt;/span&gt; and &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149235&gt;2.59%&lt;/span&gt;


924&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

 &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149240&gt;3.30%&lt;/span&gt; and &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149241&gt;4.54%&lt;/span&gt;


941&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

 &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149252&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149253&gt;2.00%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;




581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




081&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-LineOfCreditMember
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149232


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-LineOfCreditMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149233


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TermLoanMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149238


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TermLoanMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149239


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TaxExemptBondMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149244


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TaxExemptBondMember
      decimals=-7
      id=c74149245


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149250


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149251


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-OtherMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149256


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-OtherMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149257


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149258


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149259


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149260


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149261


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149262


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149263


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_CreditFacilityAxis-RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74149218


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_CreditFacilityAxis-RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149219


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_LongtermDebtTypeAxis-TermLoanMember
      decimals=-7
      id=c74149221


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149223


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149224


      contextRef=i_2020-05-28_DebtInstrumentAxis-TermLoanPayableToFarmCreditEastACAMember
      decimals=-8
      id=c74149226


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_DebtInstrumentAxis-TermLoanPayableToFarmCreditEastACAMember
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149227


      contextRef=i_2020-05-28_DebtInstrumentAxis-TermLoanPayableToFarmCreditEastACAMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149229


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149230




500&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

869&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


585&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149264


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149265


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149266


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149267


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149268


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149269


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149270


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;7.&lt;/em&gt; Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception of the agreement. Operating leases are included in right-of-use operating assets
 current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations
 and noncurrent operating lease obligations in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Lease assets represent the Company&#x2019;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. If the lease does &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; provide an implicit rate
 the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use operating lease assets also include in its calculation any prepaid lease payments made and excludes any lease incentives received from the arrangement. The Company&#x2019;s lease terms &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;include options to extend or terminate the lease
 and the impact of these options are included in the lease liability and lease asset calculations when the exercise of the option is at the Company&#x2019;s sole discretion and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company will &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; separate lease and nonlease components for its leases when it is impractical to separate the two
 such as leases with variable payment arrangements. Leases with an initial term of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/em&gt; months or less are &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; recorded on the balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company has operating leases for land
 machinery and equipment. The Company also has finance leases for machinery and equipment. The commencement date used for the calculation of the lease obligation is the latter of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2019 &lt;/em&gt;or the lease start date. Certain of the leases have options to extend the life of the lease
 which are included in the liability calculation when the option is at the sole discretion of the Company and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. In addition
 the Company has certain leases that have variable payments based solely on output or usage of the leased asset. These variable operating lease assets are excluded from the Company&#x2019;s balance sheet presentation and expensed as incurred. Leases with an initial term of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/em&gt; months or less are &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; material.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Upon adoption of ASU &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/em&gt;-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;02
&lt;/em&gt; the Company determined its right-of-use assets related to the operating leases for its plant equipment in Sunnyside
 Washington were partially impaired and therefore were reduced with a corresponding charge to retained earnings of $2
019
000 (which is net of tax). The estimated lives of these assets were shortened to align with the closure of the facility.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The components of lease expense were as follows (In thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





335&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


353&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


688&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




353&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


845&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


437&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


635&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



424&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


419&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Undiscounted future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases and financial leases
 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively
 as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



665&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


665&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


713&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


540&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


232&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Undiscounted future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases and financial leases
 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively
 as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020 &lt;/em&gt;were as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


395&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


995&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


524&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


591&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 16pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_AdjustmentsForChangeInAccountingPrincipleAxis-AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis-CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-RetainedEarningsMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149281





 2020&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





335&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


353&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


688&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


190&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 1px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


878&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




353&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


845&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


437&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


635&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



424&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


419&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149287


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149288


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149289


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149290


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149291


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149292


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149293


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149294


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149295


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149296


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149298


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149299


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149300


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149301


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149302


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149303


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149304


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149305


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149306


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149307


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149308


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149309

    
    
    
    

      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149316


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149317


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149318


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149319


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31




665&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


665&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


096&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


713&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


625&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


550&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


540&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


010&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


778&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


232&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;



313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


313&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


786&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


395&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


995&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


115&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


524&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


591&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


225&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


366&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; padding-bottom: 3px; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149320


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149321


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149322


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149323


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149324


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149325


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149326


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149327


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149328


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149329


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149330


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149331


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149332


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149333


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149334


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149335


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149336


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149337


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_BalanceSheetLocationAxis-CurrentPortionOfLongtermDebtAndLeaseObligationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149338


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149339


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149340


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149341


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149342


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149343


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149344


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149345


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149346


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149347


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149348


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149349


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149350


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149351


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149352


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149353


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149354


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149355


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149356


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149357


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149358


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149359


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_BalanceSheetLocationAxis-CurrentPortionOfLongtermDebtAndLeaseObligationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149360


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149361


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149362


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149363


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;8.&lt;/em&gt; Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company files a consolidated federal and various state income tax returns. The provision for income taxes is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;





912&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



251&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


278&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


804&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=margin: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;A reconciliation for continuing operations of the expected U.S. statutory rate to the effective rate follows:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;











&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The effective tax rate was 21.2% and 22.0% in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. On &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 27
 2020
 &lt;/em&gt;The Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted. The CARES Act
 among other things
 allows NOLs incurred in taxable years beginning after &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2017 &lt;/em&gt;and before &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; January 01
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;to be carried back to each of the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;five&lt;/em&gt; preceding taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. The Company was able to carryback the NOL generated in the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/em&gt; tax year at a &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;21%&lt;/em&gt; corporate tax rate to the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2015&lt;/em&gt; tax year at a &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;35%&lt;/em&gt; corporate tax rate. The tax rate difference realized for the NOL carryback decreased the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate by 2.8% in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; as compared to the prior year. The &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; overall effective tax rate included a 2.8% rate benefit that was realized during &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; as a result of tax law changes. This rate benefit due to a tax law change did &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; impact &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt; The NOL carrybacks resulted in a benefit of $4.5 million and $1.7 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The following is a summary of the significant components of the Company's deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;





581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





219&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



562&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


369&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



664&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


239&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


540&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


473&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Net non-current deferred income tax liabilities of $28.3 million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and net non-current deferred income tax assets of $7.9 million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company has State tax credit carryforwards amounting to $1.5 million (California
 net of Federal impact)
 $2.1 million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 and $2.3 million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 which are available to reduce future taxes payable in each respective state through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2036&lt;/em&gt; (Wisconsin)
 through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2036&lt;/em&gt; (New York)
 and through &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2028&lt;/em&gt; (California). The Company has performed the required assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets and at &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company has recorded a valuation allowance amounting to $4.7 million
 which relates primarily to tax credit carryforwards which management has concluded it is more likely than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; they will &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; be realized in the ordinary course of operations. Although realization is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; assured
 management has concluded that it is more likely than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced if actual future income or income taxes rates are lower than estimated or if there are differences in the timing or amount of future reversals of existing taxable or deductible temporary differences.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Current rules on the accounting for uncertainty on income taxes prescribe a minimum recognition threshold for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that is required to be met before being recognized in the financial statements. Those rules also provide guidance on derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company classifies the liability for uncertain tax positions in other accrued expenses or other long-term liabilities depending on their expected settlement. The change in the liability for the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;




&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


123&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;







065&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; unrecognized tax benefits include $0.0 million and $1.6 million of tax positions that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. Due to the new regulations issued in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; the position is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; longer uncertain and the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; decrease is the reversal of the tax liability related to the UTB created in prior years. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties
 the disallowance of these positions would &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; impact the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the tax authority to an earlier period.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense. During the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; the Company recognized approximately $0.2 million decrease and $0.2 million increase
 respectively
 in interest and penalties. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; the Company had approximately $0.0 million and $0.2 million of interest and penalties accrued
 respectively
 associated with unrecognized tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Although management believes that an adequate position has been made for uncertain tax positions
 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 thus having a positive impact on earnings. During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; the statute of limitations lapsed on &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; uncertain tax position. The lapse results in the position &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; longer being uncertain. As a result of the statute of limitations lapse and in accordance with its accounting policies
 the Company recorded a decrease to the liability and a decrease to tax expense of $0.4 million.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The federal income tax returns for years after &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2015 &lt;/em&gt;are open because we claimed a refund on the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;3/31/16&lt;/em&gt; taxable income. The tax year ending &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2017 &lt;/em&gt;is currently under audit with the IRS.&lt;/p&gt;







912&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


187&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



251&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


278&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


529&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


804&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149432


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149433


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149434


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149435


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149436


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149437


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149439


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149440


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149441


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149442


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149443


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149444


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149445


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149446


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149366


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149367


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149369













&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149447


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149448


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149449


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149450


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149451


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149452


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149453


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149454


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=0
      id=c74149455


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149456


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149457


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149458


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=0
      id=c74149459


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149460


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149461


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=0
      id=c74149462


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149463


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149464


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149465


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149466


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149371


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149372


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149380


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149383


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149387


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149388







581&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





219&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



562&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






233&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


369&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



664&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


239&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


373&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


540&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


024&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


473&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


872&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149468


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149469


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149470


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149471


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149472


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149473


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149474


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149475


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149476


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149477


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149478


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149479


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149480


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149481


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149482


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149483


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149484


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149485


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149486


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149487


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149488


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149489


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149490


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149491


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149493


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149494


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149495


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149496


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149497


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149498


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149499


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149500


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149501


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149502


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149503


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149504


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149505


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149506


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149507


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149508


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149392


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149395


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis-CaliforniaFranchiseTaxBoardMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149398


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis-NewYorkStateDivisionOfTaxationAndFinanceMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149399


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis-WisconsinDepartmentOfRevenueMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149400


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149404






&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


123&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;







065&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149509


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149510


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149512


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149513


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149515


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149516


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149517


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149518


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149519


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149520


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149521


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149522


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149414


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149415


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149421


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149422


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149424


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149425


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149429


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;9.&lt;/em&gt; Stockholders&lt;/b&gt;&#x2019;&lt;b&gt; Equity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Preferred Stock &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; The Company has authorized &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/em&gt; classes of preferred stock consisting of 200
000 shares of Six Percent (6%) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
 par value $0.25 (&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;&#x201c;6%&lt;/em&gt; Preferred&#x201d;); 30
000 shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors
 &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;none&lt;/em&gt; of which are currently designated or outstanding; and 8
200
000 shares of Preferred Stock with $.025 par value
 Class&#160;A
 to be issued in series by the Board of Directors (&#x201c;Class&#160;A Preferred&#x201d;). The Board of Directors has designated &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;four&lt;/em&gt; series of Class&#160;A Preferred including 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#x2014;Series&#160;A (&#x201c;Series&#160;A Preferred&#x201d;); 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#x2014;Series&#160;B (&#x201c;Series&#160;B Preferred&#x201d;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2003.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2003&lt;/em&gt; are convertible at the holders&#x2019; option on a one-for-&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; basis into shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 subject to antidilution adjustments. These series of preferred stock have the right to receive dividends and distributions at a rate equal to the amount of any dividends and distributions declared or made on the Class&#160;A Common Stock. No dividends were declared or paid on this preferred stock in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; or &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt; In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
 shares of these series of preferred stock become authorized but unissued shares of Class&#160;A Preferred and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;be reissued as part of another series of Class&#160;A Preferred. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; the Company has an aggregate of 6
765
645 shares of non-designated Class&#160;A Preferred authorized for issuance.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock has a liquidation preference of $12 per share and a stated value of $11.931 per share. There were 33
855 shares outstanding as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and 1
500 conversions during the year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&#160;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2003&lt;/em&gt; was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The 967
742 shares issued in that &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2003&lt;/em&gt; acquisition were valued at $16.60 per share which represented the then market value of the Class&#160;A Common Stock into which the preferred shares were immediately convertible. This series has a liquidation preference of $15.50 per share and has 500 shares outstanding as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;There are 407
240 shares of Series&#160;A Preferred outstanding as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021which&lt;/em&gt; are convertible into &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; share of Class&#160;A Common Stock and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; share of Class&#160;B Common stock for every 20 shares of Series&#160;A Preferred. There are 400
000 shares of Series&#160;B Preferred outstanding as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; which are convertible into &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; share of Class&#160;A Common Stock and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; share of Class&#160;B Common Stock for every 30 shares of Series&#160;B preferred. There are 200
000 shares of 6% Preferred outstanding as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of $20
000 on the Series&#160;A and Series&#160;B Preferred and $3
000 on the 6% Preferred during each of fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; The Class&#160;A Common Stock and the Class&#160;B Common Stock have substantially identical rights with respect to any dividends or distributions of cash or property declared on shares of common stock
 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&#x2019;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&#160;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
 whereas the holders of Class&#160;A Common Stock have voting rights of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:c74149582&gt;1/20th&lt;/span&gt; of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/em&gt; vote per share on all matters as to which shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote. During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; there were no shares of Class B Common Stock issued in lieu of cash compensation under the Company's Profit Sharing Bonus Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Unissued shares of common stock reserved for conversion privileges of designated non-participating preferred stock were 33
695 of both Class&#160;A and Class&#160;B as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt; Additionally
 there were 34
355 and 35
855 shares of Class&#160;A reserved for conversion of the Participating Preferred Stock as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Treasury Stock &lt;/b&gt;&#x2014; During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; the Company repurchased $4.4 million
 or 89
731 shares of its Class&#160;A Common Stock and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;none&lt;/em&gt; of its Class B Common Stock. As of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;there is a total of $91.2 million
 or 3
103
547 shares
 of repurchased stock. These shares are &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; considered outstanding. The Company contributed $1.5 million or 28
276 treasury shares for the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/em&gt;(k) match in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; as described in Note &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10
&lt;/em&gt; Retirement Plans.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 16pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149525


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149526


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149527


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-NoParValuePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149529


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-PreferredClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149531


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-PreferredClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149532


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-SeriesAPreferredStockMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74149534


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-SeriesBPreferredStockMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74149535


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149538


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149540


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-PreferredClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149545


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149547


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149548


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149549


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis-ConversionOfConvertibleParticipatingPreferredStockToCommonStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149552


      contextRef=i_2003-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149554


      contextRef=i_2003-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149556


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149557


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149558


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-SeriesAPreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149561


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis-ConvertibleFromSeriesAPreferredStockToClassAStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149566


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-SeriesBPreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149567


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis-ConvertibleFromSeriesBPreferredStockToClassAStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149572


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149573


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149574


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-SeriesAPreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149577


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149578


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CumulativePreferredStockMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149579


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassBMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149585


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149586


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149590


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149591


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149596


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementClassOfStockAxis-CommonClassAMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149597


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149599


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149600


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149602


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-TreasuryStockMember
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149603


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10.&lt;/em&gt; Retirement Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (the &#x201c;Plan&#x201d;) covering most employees who meet certain age-entry requirements and work a stated minimum number of hours per year. The Plan was amended to freeze accruals to new hires and rehires effective &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2020. &lt;/em&gt;Annual contributions made to the Plan are sufficient to satisfy legal funding requirements.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the Plan&#x2019;s benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets over the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/em&gt;-year period ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and a statement of the funded (unfunded) status as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020:&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


461&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


064&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

114&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


146&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


574&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


112&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


325&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


742&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The funded status increased by $138.6 million during &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021. &lt;/em&gt;This funded status increase was recognized via the actual gain on plan assets and the decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $59.8 million after the income tax expense of $19.9 million. During fiscal years &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; the actuarial loss in the pension plan&#x2019;s projected benefit obligation was primarily driven by data revisions resulting in demographic losses as well as a decline in discount rates. Additionally
 the Society of Actuaries released an updated mortality table for fiscal year &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; and an updated mortality projection scale for both fiscal years &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; which partially offset the actuarial loss.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Plan assets increased from $202.5 million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020 &lt;/em&gt;to $348.9 million as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;due primarily to a gain on plan assets of $103.2 million and a $73.0 million contribution by the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



866&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


215&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 16pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


220&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify;&gt;The following table provides the components of net periodic benefit cost&#160;&#160;for the Plan for fiscal years &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020:&lt;/em&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;





935&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


064&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


746&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





952&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



070&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of net periodic benefit cost components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants. Gains and losses in excess of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;10%&lt;/em&gt; of the greater of the benefit obligation and the market-related value of assets are amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The assumptions used to measure the Company&#x2019;s benefit obligation and pension expense are shown in the following table:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=text-align:justify;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company's plan assets consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;


&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;All securities
 which are valued at fair market value
 are considered to be level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1
&lt;/em&gt; due to their public active market.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expected Return on Plan Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;For fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; the expected long term rate of return on Plan assets was 7.25%. The Company expected 7.25% to fall within the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;35&lt;/em&gt; to &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;65&lt;/em&gt; percentile range of returns on investment portfolios with asset diversification similar to that of the Plan's target asset allocation for fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt; The Company will review the long term rate of return on Plan assets for fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022&lt;/em&gt; in light of changes that were made to the asset allocation in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March &lt;/em&gt;of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Investment Policy and Strategy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Historically
 the Company maintained an investment policy designed to achieve a long-term rate of return by investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices
 as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The Company is currently in the process of reviewing its investment policy and shifting towards more liability-driven investments to reduce the ongoing volatility of the Plan&#x2019;s funded status. As an initial step
 in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 2021
 &lt;/em&gt;the Company adjusted the allocation of the Plan assets by moving &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;50%&lt;/em&gt; of the assets into liability-hedging investment grade fixed income investments
 while maintaining &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;50%&lt;/em&gt; of the assets in diversified public company equities. Additionally
 in FY &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022
&lt;/em&gt; the Company intends to implement a glide path approach that will adjust the asset allocation as the Plan&#x2019;s funded status changes
 with more assets being allocated to fixed income investments as the funded status improves to continue to reduce the Plan&#x2019;s funded status volatility.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash Flows&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Expected contributions for fiscal year ending &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2022&lt;/em&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; width: 80%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 81%;&gt;Expected Employer Contributions&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;Expected Employee Contributions&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;text-indent:9pt;&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Estimated future benefit payments reflecting expected future service for the fiscal years ending &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31 (&lt;/em&gt;in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

178&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

290&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

913&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

342&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

496&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/em&gt;(k) Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company also has employees&#x2019; savings &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/em&gt;(k) plans covering all employees who meet certain age-entry requirements and work a stated minimum number of hours per year. Participants &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/em&gt;make contributions up to the legal limit. The Company&#x2019;s matching contributions are discretionary. Costs charged to operations for the Company&#x2019;s matching contributions amounted to $1.6 million and $0.4 million in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. In fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; the matching contribution was entirely treasury stock. This stock portion of the matching contribution is valued at current market value while the treasury stock is valued at cost.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unfunded Deferred Compensation Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company sponsors an unfunded nonqualified deferred compensation plan to permit certain eligible employees to defer receipt of a portion of their compensation to a future date. This plan was designed to compensate the plan participants for any loss of company contributions under the &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/em&gt;(k) plans. The total cost for this plan was &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; significant in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; or &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;





&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


461&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


244&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


064&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

114&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


146&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


574&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


227&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


112&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


325&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


000&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


302&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


485&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


742&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149665


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149666


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149667


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149668


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149669


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149670


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149671


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149672


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149673


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149674


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149675


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149676


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149677


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149678


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149680


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149681


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149682


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149683


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149684


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149685


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149686


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149687


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149688


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149689


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149690


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149691


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149619


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149621


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149622


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149628


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149629


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149630


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149631





&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



866&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


215&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149693


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149694


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149695


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149696


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149697


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149698





 net&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


220&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

153&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149700


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149701


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementEquityComponentsAxis-AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149702







935&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


064&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


746&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





952&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



070&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149703


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149704


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149705


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149706


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149707


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149708


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149709


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149710


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149711


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149712


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149713


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149714


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149715


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149716


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149717


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149718



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 62%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149720


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149721


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149722


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149723


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149727


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149728


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=3
      id=c74149729


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149730


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149731


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149732


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149733


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149734


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149735


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149736


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149737


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=2
      id=c74149738




&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74149740


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149741


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149742


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74149743


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember
      decimals=1
      id=c74149744


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember
      decimals=0
      id=c74149745


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember
      decimals=0
      id=c74149746


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember
      decimals=0
      id=c74149747


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember
      decimals=0
      id=c74149748


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember
      decimals=0
      id=c74149749


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149750


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis-DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember
      decimals=2
      id=c74149751


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=0
      id=c74149752


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=0
      id=c74149753


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=0
      id=c74149754


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149639


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=4
      id=c74149640


    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; width: 80%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; text-indent: 0px;&gt;&lt;tbody&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=width: 81%;&gt;Expected Employer Contributions&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;Expected Employee Contributions&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149755


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149756



178&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

290&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

913&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

640&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

342&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;

496&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149758


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149760


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149762


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149764


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149766


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149768


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149654


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149655


   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;11.&lt;/em&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;The carrying amount and estimated fair values of the Company's debt are summarized as follows (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;










559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The estimated fair value for long-term debt is determined by the quoted market prices for similar debt (comparable to the Company&#x2019;s financial strength) or current rates offered to the Company for debt with the same maturities which is Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/em&gt; from the fair value hierarchy. Since quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets are &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; available (Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/em&gt;)
 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value
 which is Level &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2.&lt;/em&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 16pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;












559&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis-CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149775


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis-EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149776


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis-CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149777


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis-EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149778


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;12.&lt;/em&gt; Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Effective &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; December&#160;&lt;/em&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;30
&lt;/em&gt; &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2007
&lt;/em&gt; the Company changed its inventory valuation method from the lower of cost
 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
 the Company believed that the LIFO inventory method was preferable over the FIFO method because it better compares the cost of current production to current revenue. The effect of LIFO was to increase continuing net earnings by $11.7 million and $12.8 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively
 compared to what would have been reported using the FIFO inventory method. The increase in earnings per share was $1.29 ($1.28 diluted) and $1.38 ($1.37 diluted) in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively. There was a LIFO liquidation of $6.6 million in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; which eliminated all but the base LIFO layer as of &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020. &lt;/em&gt;There were no LIFO liquidations in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; as only the base LIFO layer remains. The inventories by category and the impact of using the LIFO method are shown in the following table (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=margin-right: auto; width: 85%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; text-indent: 0px;&gt;
     &lt;tbody&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 64%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;

       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;

       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 64%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;317
654&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;351
251&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;25
175&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;31
173&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;128
987&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;173
474&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 64%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;471
816&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;555
898&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;128
672&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;144
267&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;343
144&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;411
631&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
     &lt;/tbody&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149782


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149783


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149786


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149787


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149788


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149789


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149792


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149794


    &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=margin-right: auto; width: 85%; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; text-indent: 0px;&gt;
     &lt;tbody&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 64%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;

       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;

       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 64%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;317
654&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;351
251&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;25
175&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;31
173&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;128
987&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;173
474&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;
       &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; width: 64%;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;471
816&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right;&gt;555
898&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;128
672&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;144
267&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
      &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;

       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;343
144&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 15%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; text-align: right; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0, 0, 0);&gt;411
631&lt;/td&gt;
       &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 3px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;/tr&gt;
     &lt;/tbody&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149796


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149797


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149798


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149799


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149800


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149801


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149802


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149803


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149804


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149805


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149806


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149807


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;13.&lt;/em&gt; Other Operating Income and Expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Other operating income in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; includes a gain on the sale of the prepared food business of $34.8 million. Additionally the company recorded a loss of $0.8 million on the disposal of equipment from a sold Northwest plant
 a loss on the sale of unused fixed assets of $0.4 million
 a loss of $3.2 million on the disposition of equipment that was previously held for sale
 and a charge of $0.2 for severance. The company also recorded a charge of $1.2 million for a supplemental early retirement plan.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;Other operating income in &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; includes a gain on the partial sale of a plant in the Midwest of $3.3 million and a gain on the sale of a plant in the Northwest of $8.2 million. The Company also recorded a gain on the sale of unused fixed assets of $1.2 million.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;/&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 16pt; margin: 0pt; text-align: left;/&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-PreparedFoodsBusinessMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149810


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-DisposalOfEquipmentFromSoldNorthwestPlanMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149811


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-DisposalOfEquipmentFromSoldNorthwestPlanMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149812


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis-DisposalOfEquipmentPreviouslyHeldForSaleMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149813


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149814


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_IncomeStatementLocationAxis-OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149815


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_IncomeStatementLocationAxis-OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember_StatementGeographicalAxis-MidwestPlantMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149817


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_IncomeStatementLocationAxis-OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember_StatementGeographicalAxis-NorthwestPlantMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149818


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_IncomeStatementLocationAxis-OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149819


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;14.&lt;/em&gt; Segment Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The Company manages its business on the basis of three reportable segments &#x2014; the primary segment is the packaging and sale of fruits and vegetables
 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products
 third
 the sale of snack products and finally
 other products. The Company markets its product almost entirely in the United States. Export sales represented 6.5% of total sales in both &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/em&gt; &#x201c;Other&#x201d; in the table below represents activity related to can sales
 trucking
 seed sales
 and flight operations.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;





363




467
644&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




232&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




450&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



376&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


202




335
769&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



524&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




068&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=INF
      id=c74149822


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis-SalesRevenueNetMember_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis-GeographicConcentrationRiskMember_StatementGeographicalAxis-NonUsMember
      decimals=3
      id=c74149823







363




467
644&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




067&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




232&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




450&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



376&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


202




335
769&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



524&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;




068&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



440&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



933&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149828


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149829


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149830


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149831


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149832


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149833


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149834


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149835


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149836


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149837


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149838


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149839


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149840


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149841


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149842


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149843


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149844


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149845


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149846


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149847


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149848


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149849


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149850


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149851


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149852


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149854


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149855


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149856


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149857


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149858


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149859


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149860


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149861


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149862


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149863


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149864


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149865


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149866


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149867


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149868


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149869


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149870


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149871


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149872


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149873


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149874


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-PreparedFoodsMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149875


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-SnackSegmentMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149876


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis-CorporateAndOtherMember_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149877


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis-SegmentContinuingOperationsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149878


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;15.&lt;/em&gt; Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;In the ordinary course of its business
 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&#x2019; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/em&gt; believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;16.&lt;/em&gt; Plant Restructuring&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021
&lt;/em&gt; the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $0.2 related to closed plants mostly for severance.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;During &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $7.0 million related to the closing of plants in the Midwest and Northwest of which $5.3 million was for accelerated amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets
 $2.4 million was mostly related to equipment moves and $1.2 million was related to severance. The Company also recorded a credit of $1.9 million for the reduced lease liability of previously impaired leases.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;These charges are included under Plant Restructuring Charge in the Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings. Severance Payable and Other Costs Payable are included in Other Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the restructuring and related asset impairment charges recorded and the accruals established during &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/em&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;









046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



070&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149885


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149887


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-LeaseImpairmentsMember_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149888


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EquipmentMovesMember_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149889


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149890


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringPlanAxis-ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149891











046&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;



070&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; padding-bottom: 1px;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;






&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149901


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149902


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149903


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149904


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149905


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149906


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149907


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149908


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31
      decimals=-4
      id=c74149909


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149910


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149911


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149912


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149913


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149914


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149915


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149916


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149917


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149918


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-EmployeeSeveranceMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149919


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis-OtherRestructuringMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149920


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149921


   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;17.&lt;/em&gt; Related Party Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;text-align:justify;margin:0pt;&gt;During fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; less than &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;1%&lt;/em&gt; of vegetables supplied to the Company are grown by a Director of Seneca Foods Corporation. The Director supplied the Company approximately $2.2 million and $2.3 million
 pursuant to a raw vegetable grower contract in fiscal &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/em&gt; and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; respectively.&#160; The Chairman of the Audit Committee reviewed the relationship and determined that the contract was negotiated at arm's length and on &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/em&gt; more favorable terms than to other growers in the marketplace.&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;During the years ended &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2021 &lt;/em&gt;and &lt;em style=font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/em&gt; the Company made charitable contributions to a related party foundation in the amount of approximately $1.0 million and $0.3 million
 respectively. The Foundation is a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions. This Foundation is managed by current employees of the Company.&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;/&gt;


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis-VegetablesSupplyMember_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis-DirectorMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149926


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis-VegetablesSupplyMember_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis-DirectorMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149927


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis-CharitableContributionsMember_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis-RelatedPartyFoudationMember
      decimals=-6
      id=c74149932


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis-CharitableContributionsMember_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis-RelatedPartyFoudationMember
      decimals=-5
      id=c74149933



&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: auto;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;&lt;b&gt;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: auto;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; font-size: 10pt; font-variant: normal; margin: 0pt; text-align: center;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;



&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Year-ended March 31
 2021:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





674&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Year-ended March 31
 2020:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


598&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


473&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;&#160;&lt;/p&gt;

 net of recoveries.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;
   &lt;p style=font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;/&gt;





&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Year-ended March 31
 2021:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;





674&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr style=background-color: rgb(204, 238, 255);&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 610px;&gt; &lt;p style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-variant:normal;margin:0pt;&gt;Year-ended March 31
 2020:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 13px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 39px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 131px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 19px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 23px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 35px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 114px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 40px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 15px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 25px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 22px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 196px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 16px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 21px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 53px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 111px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 24px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 50px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 14px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 84px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


598&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;


473&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align: middle; width: 29px;&gt;&#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;/tbody&gt;&lt;/table&gt;


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149955


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149960


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149961


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149962


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      id=c74149963
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=d_2020-04-01_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      id=c74149964
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2021-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149966


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149968


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149969


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      id=c74149970
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149971


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-AllowanceForCreditLossMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149973


      contextRef=i_2019-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149974


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149975


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      id=c74149976
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=d_2019-04-01_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      id=c74149977
      unitRef=USD


      contextRef=i_2020-03-31_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis-ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember
      decimals=-3
      id=c74149979


      xlink:role=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/link


          xlink:href=#c74149167
          xlink:label=c74149167


          xlink:href=#c74149168
          xlink:label=c74149168


975


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149167
          xlink:to=fcbdbeb4a-116b-45fd-85be-ab65cc650287


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149168
          xlink:to=fcbdbeb4a-116b-45fd-85be-ab65cc650287


446


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149167
          xlink:to=fc8366790-5e2a-4e91-b75a-325eb82c2cd6


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149168
          xlink:to=fc8366790-5e2a-4e91-b75a-325eb82c2cd6


          xlink:href=#c74149971
          xlink:label=c74149971


          xlink:href=#c74149958
          xlink:label=c74149958




          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149971
          xlink:to=f87f134de-9b5e-4664-8031-d8729bf929bb


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149958
          xlink:to=f87f134de-9b5e-4664-8031-d8729bf929bb


211


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149167
          xlink:to=ffa27a850-a806-47ed-8f00-38902563ccb4


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149168
          xlink:to=ffa27a850-a806-47ed-8f00-38902563ccb4


          xlink:href=#c74149159
          xlink:label=c74149159


          xlink:href=#c74149160
          xlink:label=c74149160


000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.
      Includes $3
746


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149159
          xlink:to=f086d99c5-ee25-4eb7-adbe-2710e4203f2f


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149160
          xlink:to=f086d99c5-ee25-4eb7-adbe-2710e4203f2f


          xlink:href=#c74149161
          xlink:label=c74149161


          xlink:href=#c74149162
          xlink:label=c74149162

        

          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149161
          xlink:to=feced3286-b27c-47a8-bd46-86278c7eb758


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149162
          xlink:to=feced3286-b27c-47a8-bd46-86278c7eb758


          xlink:href=#c74149445
          xlink:label=c74149445


          xlink:href=#c74149446
          xlink:label=c74149446

        

          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149445
          xlink:to=fb810bd5e-8139-4315-873f-7eb3e1ffdf36


          xlink:arcrole=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/arcrole/fact-footnote
          xlink:from=c74149446
          xlink:to=fb810bd5e-8139-4315-873f-7eb3e1ffdf36

















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
May 25
 2021
Sep. 25
 2020















































Document
 Type








Document
 Annual Report








Document
 Period End Date

  2021







Document
 Transition Report








Entity
 File Number








Entity
 Incorporation
 State or Country Code








Entity
 Address
 Address Line One








Entity
 Address
 City or Town








Entity
 Address
 State or Province








Entity
 Tax Identification Number








Entity
 Address
 Postal Zip Code


























Entity
 Well-known Seasoned Issuer








Entity
 Voluntary Filers








Entity
 Current Reporting Status








Entity
 Interactive Data
 Current








Entity
 Filer Category








Entity
 Small Business








Entity
 Emerging Growth Company








Entity
 Shell Company








Entity
 Public Float





133
327





 2021 (the &#8220;2021 Annual Report&#8221;) applicable to Part I
 Item 1
 Part II
 Items 5&#8209;9A and Part IV
 Item 15 of Form 10&#8209;K.















































































Entity
 Common Stock Shares
 Outstanding



343
745


















































Entity
 Common Stock Shares
 Outstanding



705
938





























































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report
 the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




467
644


335
769












235
459


193
881



Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

950


971



Other operating income
 net

014)


653)







046





286
577


265
245





067


524





453







473


018)



Interest expense
 net of interest income of $42 and $25
 respectively

125


834





016


615





916


427





100


188







147





100


335





























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))



































































































































































































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020





















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











100


335



Change in pension and postretirement benefits (net of income tax of ($19
528) and $20
312
 respectively)

153


935)





253


600)







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 before tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax

528)


312






Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











837


702



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $339 and $1
598
 respectively

221


802







610





144


631





385


350





807


323





299


600



Deferred income tax asset
 net



872







026





033


042





851





Right-of-use assets operating
 net

193


663



Right-of-use assets financing
 net

611


617



Property
 plant
 and equipment:








031


955





332


945





526


385





889


285





306


796



Net property
 plant
 and equipment

583


489





348


309












089


194





287


758





660


876





366


864





403


808












325


274





130


654



Long-term debt
 less current portion

085


081



Operating lease obligations
 less current portion

769


760



Financing lease obligations
 less current portion

232


366







742





011


342



Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
 Net
 Total

306







533


945


























041


041





502


384



Treasury stock
 at cost

198)


319)





067)


220)





874


797





815


364





348


309



Discontinued Operations
 Held-for-sale [Member]




















Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]















656






































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.






















































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Amount of excess of issue price over par or stated value of stock and from other transaction involving stock or stockholder. Includes
 but is not limited to
 additional paid-in capital (APIC) for common and preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time
 classified as current.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension plan
 classified as noncurrent. Excludes other postretirement benefit plan.




























Amount of asset
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of right-of-use asset from finance lease.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as current.




























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020






598






Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











100


335












375


933





650


529





938)


086)







626





453







479














280


290)





487


053





083


332)



Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities

936)


509)





035)


129)





180


317










Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

431)


686)





688


529





257


157)












059


098





055)


778)





321)


437)





604)


125)





358)


673)












302)


938)





135





Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

702


480



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

837


702












094


836





692
















975



Property
 plant and equipment issued under finance and operating leases

749


843



Property
 plant and equipment purchased on account
































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.






















































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets
 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings
 net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes
 and in deferred and other tax liabilities and assets.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


















































































































Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Aggregate cash proceeds received from a combination of transactions that are classified as investing activities in which assets
 which may include one or more investments
 are sold to third-party buyers. This element can be used by entities to aggregate proceeds from all asset sales that are classified as investing activities.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









 Period of Adoption






 Period of Adoption






 Period of Adoption






 Period of Adoption






 Period of Adoption






 Period of Adoption












Balance (Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2019

019
000)







































Balance at Mar. 31
 2019



504
000




000




039
000




260
000




740
000)




285
000)





















335
000


































335
000







000)






















000)































000













































000









































673
000)





























000)




000




000

















































935
000)

















Balance at Mar. 31
 2020



797
000




000




041
000




384
000




319
000)




220
000)














364
000



Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

























000


240


355











Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

































383
993


733
902









100
000


































100
000







000)






















000)












000)



















000













































479
000









































358
000)














400
000)















000)








000

















































153
000

















Balance at Mar. 31
 2021



874
000




000




041
000




502
000




198
000)




067
000)














815
000



Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

























000


400
000


855











Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

































000
000


000
000





Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

























000


240


855











Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

































353
545


709
638





Preferred stock
 stock amount

























000


000


000


000









Common stock
 stock amount

































545
000


000









Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement
 classified as other.
















































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan
 attributable to parent.






















































































Value of all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by shareholders
 which is net of related treasury stock. May be all or a portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the preferred shareholders.

























































Value of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Preferred stock
 dividend rate






Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Preferred stock
 dividend rate






Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases
 tax






Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases
 tax

916


427



Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax

528)


312

































































Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
   
   
&#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions
 profits
 and balances.
   
&#8212; Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&#160;&#160;In general
 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms


 for further discussion of the policy.
   

 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions 
   
 customers represented approximately 50%
2020

 the Company has 
   
 March 31
 2021

 short-term obligations that present minimal credit risk including U.S. government securities
 demand notes of U.S. and foreign corporations
 certificates of deposit and time deposits

 2020.
   
)
 accounts receivable
11

 for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.
   
   
   
   

   
   

   
   

   
 March 31

 which is classified within Level 
   
   
&#8212; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt
 March 31
 2021 
   
&#8212; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in
 
   
   
   

 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&#8217;s forecast of future taxable income
 the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.
   

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense.
   
&#8212;The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time
 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings
 land and equipment.
   
&#8212; Discontinued operations comprise those activities that have been disposed of during the period or that have been classified as held for sale at the end of the period


 cash flows and the balance sheet amounts pertaining to this as a component of discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements.
   

 information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations.
   
2020

   
&#8212; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value
 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&#160; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
&#160;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)
 and current market conditions. Management believes these provisions are adequate based upon the relevant information presently available.
   
 series of convertible preferred stock
 which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&#160;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &#8220;two-class&#8221; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.
   
   

 which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.
   
Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

126
51
188

126
51
165

125
50
959
9
9
264


125
50
959

125
50
979
9
9
264


9
9
333


   
Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

1
147

1
124

1
119
9
264


1
119

1
139
9
264


9
333


   
&#8212; Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was $27.1 million and $26.1 million

2020

   
   
   
   

 the Company&#8217;s assesses the potential for an other-than-temporary impairment of its equity method investment when impairment indicators are identified. The Company considers all available information
 including the recoverability of the investment
 the earnings and near-term prospects of the investment
 factors related to the industry
 amongst others relevant information. If an investment is considered to be impaired and the decline in value is other than temporary


   
&#8212; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the related revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.
   
 August 2018
14
): Disclosure Framework&#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans
 December 15
 March 31
 2021 
   
 May 2020
 Among other things
 January 1
 January 1
 2021 
   
 March 2020
04
 which provides optional guidance for a limited time to ease the potential accounting burden associated with the expected market transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. LIBOR is used to determine interest expense related to the Company&#8217;s Revolver
 March 12
 December 31
 2022. 
   
 December 2019
 to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.
   
 June 2016
13
19
 will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further

10

 among other things

 2022
 reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
03
 amendments


 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.
   
   
   
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021

Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]









Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Disclosure [Text Block]

   
   
 March 31
 2021

 which requires the Company to present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company recorded a charge of $0.6 million in fiscal 
   
March 31
 2021

Property
8
656
8
656

  



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021











Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Disclosure [Text Block]

   
   
 July 13
 2018
 October 9
 2018

326
000. Based on its magnitude of revenue to the Company (approximately 15%) and because the Company was exiting the production of peaches
 this sale represented a significant strategic shift that has a material effect on the Company&#8217;s operations and financial results. Accordingly
 the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for this sale as required by Accounting Standards Codification 
   
   
   
March 31
March 31
 2020




1
026
1
026




   
   
   
   
    
March 31
March 31
 2020





Selling
 General and Administrative
(1
150

(1
093
1
093


Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
1
147

   
(a) Includes $902
000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 

  



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
10
Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 
 which contributed approximately 98% of the Company's fiscal year 
   
   
   
   
   
private label products to retailers
 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#8217; own or controlled labels;

   
private label and branded products to the foodservice industry
 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators;

   
branded products under our own proprietary brands
 primarily on a national basis to retailers;

   
   

   
   

   


   
   

 segment revenue is disaggregated by product category groups (in thousands):
   
    
March 31
March 31 
2020
1
172
986
080
102
119
044
88
97
393
71
105
044
10
11
475
21
16
733
1
467
1
335
769

   
   
   

 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied.&#160;&#160;The Company&#8217;s primary performance obligation is the production of&#160;food&#160;products and secondarily case and labeling services and storage services for certain bill and hold sales.
   

 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
 as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&#160;&#160;
   
 performance obligation
 we allocate the contract&#8217;s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.&#160;&#160;The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data.&#160;&#160;
   
 year. As such
 March 31
 2021 
   
   
   

 quantity
 price
be more extended
 year are granted at contract inception.&#160;&#160;As a result
 we do 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

 some contracts include some form of variable consideration.&#160;&#160;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#8217;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions 
   


   
   
 March 31
2020

   
   
   

 primarily sales commissions
 requiring capitalization under the new standard.&#160;&#160;The Company continues to expense these costs as incurred because the amortization period for the costs would have been 
  



































The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disaggregation of revenue
 credit loss recognized from contract with customer
 judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer
 and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
 March 24
 2021
 March 31
 March 24

 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by substantially all of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains borrowing base requirements as well as a financial covenant
 if certain circumstances apply. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 months. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s need to draw on the Revolver 
  







The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
    

Revolving credit facility
 
1
106
924
Farm Credit term loan
 
96
99
941
Bluegrass tax exempt bonds
10
000
Economic development note
 
 due through 2022

98
217
581
4
500
94
217
081

   
5

 for discussion of the Revolver.
   

 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain customary affirmative and negative covenants that restrict
 with specified exceptions
 the Company&#8217;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 incur liens
 pay dividends on the Company&#8217;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets
 enter into consolidations or mergers
 and enter into transactions with affiliates. The Company&#8217;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants including a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories and also requires the Company to meet a financial covenant related to a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio if (a) an event of default has occurred or (b) availability on the Revolver is less than the greater of (i) 10% of the commitments then in effect and (ii) $25
000
 March 31
 2021.
   
   

000
 less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on 
   
 May 28



 The Company incurred financing costs totaling $0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt. This agreement contains certain covenants
 including maintaining a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth.
   

 including the Revolver
 is $508.2 million.
   
   
   
    
4
500
4
000
4
000
4
000
81
869

98
585

   
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Lessee
 Operating and Finance Leases [Text Block]

   
   

 current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations
 provide an implicit rate
include options to extend or terminate the lease
 separate lease and nonlease components for its leases when it is impractical to separate the two
 such as leases with variable payment arrangements. Leases with an initial term of 
   



 which are included in the liability calculation when the option is at the sole discretion of the Company and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. In addition
 the Company has certain leases that have variable payments based solely on output or usage of the leased asset. These variable operating lease assets are excluded from the Company&#8217;s balance sheet presentation and expensed as incurred. Leases with an initial term of 
   
02

 Washington were partially impaired and therefore were reduced with a corresponding charge to retained earnings of $2
019
000 (which is net of tax). The estimated lives of these assets were shortened to align with the closure of the facility.
   
   
   
   
    
March 31
March 31
 2020



4
4
335
1
1
353
5
5
688
23
30
190
29
35
878


1
1
353
23
29
845
6
6
437
31
37
635

1
4
424
2
6
419







   
   

 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively

 2021 
   
    
18
7
665
14
7
665
7
6
096
3
2
713
1
1
625
3
2
786
48
28
550
3
2
540
44
26
010
17
6
778
27
19
232

   

 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively

 2020 
   
    
23
7
313
18
7
313
13
7
313
6
5
786
3
2
395
4
3
995
69
34
115
5
3
524
64
30
591
21
6
225
42
24
366

   

  







The entire disclosure for operating leases and finance leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating and finance lease and maturity analysis of operating and finance lease liability.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
   
   
    


13
(1
912
4
1
187
17
266


13
14
251
3
1
278
16
15
529
33
14
804

   
   

   
   
   
    











   
2020
 March 27
 2020

 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted. The CARES Act
 among other things

 January 01
2020

   
   
   
   
    


5
5
581
2
204

2
2
219

6
26
562



1
589
2
233
20
38
369

17
12
664

1
239
4
4
373
21
7
540
43
26
024
4
4
473
(28
7
872

   
31
31

   

 net of Federal impact)
 $2.1 million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 and $2.3 million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 (Wisconsin)
 (New York)
 March 31
 2021

 assured
 that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced if actual future income or income taxes rates are lower than estimated or if there are differences in the timing or amount of future reversals of existing taxable or deductible temporary differences.
   
   

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
31

   
    

2
065


1
123



(1
626

Balance as of March 31
2
065

   
 March 31
 decrease is the reversal of the tax liability related to the UTB created in prior years. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties
 the disallowance of these positions would 
   
 March 31
2020

 respectively

2020

 respectively
 associated with unrecognized tax benefits.
   

 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 longer being uncertain. As a result of the statute of limitations lapse and in accordance with its accounting policies
 the Company recorded a decrease to the liability and a decrease to tax expense of $0.4 million.
   
 March 31
 March 31
 2017 
  



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
 classes of preferred stock consisting of 200
000 shares of Six Percent (6%) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
 Preferred&#8221;); 30
000 shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors
 of which are currently designated or outstanding; and 8
200
000 shares of Preferred Stock with $.025 par value
 Class&#160;A
 series of Class&#160;A Preferred including 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#8212;Series&#160;A (&#8220;Series&#160;A Preferred&#8221;); 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#8212;Series&#160;B (&#8220;Series&#160;B Preferred&#8221;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&#160;
   

 basis into shares of Class&#160;A Common Stock
 In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
31
2021

765
645 shares of non-designated Class&#160;A Preferred authorized for issuance.
   
   

31
 and 1
500 conversions during the year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The 967
31

   

31
 share of Class&#160;B Common stock for every 20 shares of Series&#160;A Preferred. There are 400
31
 share of Class&#160;B Common Stock for every 30 shares of Series&#160;B preferred. There are 200
31
 which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of $20
000 on the Series&#160;A and Series&#160;B Preferred and $3
000 on the 6% Preferred during each of fiscal 
   
&#8212; The Class&#160;A Common Stock and the Class&#160;B Common Stock have substantially identical rights with respect to any dividends or distributions of cash or property declared on shares of common stock
 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&#8217;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&#160;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
2021

   

31
 Additionally
 there were 34
355 and 35
31
2020

   
 the Company repurchased $4.4 million
 or 89
 March 31
 2021

 or 3
103
547 shares
 considered outstanding. The Company contributed $1.5 million or 28
10



  



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
 January 1
 2020. 
   
31
31

   
    



278
250
461
9
9
244
9
9
064
(1
114
17
20
146
(28
(9
574
286
278
227



202
233
112
103
(46
325
73
26
000
(29
(10
302
348
202
485

62
(75
742

   
 March 31
2020

 the Society of Actuaries released an updated mortality table for fiscal year 
   
 March 31
 March 31
 2021 
   
    




(26
(105
866
(26
(106
215

   

   
    

adjustments
 net




Balance at March 31
(79
220
60
153
Balance at March 31
(19
067

   
   
   
    


10
9
935
9
9
064
(15
(16
746
9
919

14
2
952

14
3
070

   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
















   
   
   
    
Assets at March 31











   
   

 which are valued at fair market value


   
   
   
2021

   
   
   

 the Company maintained an investment policy designed to achieve a long-term rate of return by investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices
 as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The Company is currently in the process of reviewing its investment policy and shifting towards more liability-driven investments to reduce the ongoing volatility of the Plan&#8217;s funded status. As an initial step

 of the assets into liability-hedging investment grade fixed income investments
 of the assets in diversified public company equities. Additionally


 with more assets being allocated to fixed income investments as the funded status improves to continue to reduce the Plan&#8217;s funded status volatility.
   
   
   
   
31

   
    


   
   
   
11
178
11
290
11
913
12
640
13
342
75
496

   
   
   
2020
2020

   
   
   
   
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
   
   
    




Long-term debt
98
97
217
217
559

   
)
 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value
 which is Level 


  



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
30
2007

 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
2020

2020
2020
 March 31
 2020. 
   



       
       
       
       
       
       
       


       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       



  



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]

   
   
 includes a gain on the sale of the prepared food business of $34.8 million. Additionally the company recorded a loss of $0.8 million on the disposal of equipment from a sold Northwest plant
 a loss on the sale of unused fixed assets of $0.4 million
 a loss of $3.2 million on the disposition of equipment that was previously held for sale
 and a charge of $0.2 for severance. The company also recorded a charge of $1.2 million for a supplemental early retirement plan.
   
   


  



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   

 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products
 third
 the sale of snack products and finally
 &#8220;Other&#8221; in the table below represents activity related to can sales
 trucking
 seed sales
 and flight operations.
   
    



1
363
71
10
21
1
467
644
175
1
2
181
067
853
51
2
908
232
67
1
1
71
450
29
2
32
376


1
202
105
11
16
1
335
769
65
3
70
524
853
51
2
908
068
63
2
66
440
26
3
30
933

  



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   

 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&#8217; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 limited to
 environmental
 employee
 feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.
  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
2021

   
2020

 $2.4 million was mostly related to equipment moves and $1.2 million was related to severance. The Company also recorded a credit of $1.9 million for the reduced lease liability of previously impaired leases.
   
   
   
   
   
   
    



Balance March 31
 2019
1
5
7
046
(1
(5
(7
070
Balance March 31
 2020


Balance March 31
 2021

  



































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








   
   
2020
 of vegetables supplied to the Company are grown by a Director of Seneca Foods Corporation. The Director supplied the Company approximately $2.2 million and $2.3 million
2020

   
 March 31
2020

 respectively. The Foundation is a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions. This Foundation is managed by current employees of the Company.&#160;

  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block]

   



   
   
    



Year-ended March 31
 2021:
1
(1
304)
4
4
674

Year-ended March 31
 2020:
1
1
598
3
4
473

   
   
(a) Accounts written off
 net of recoveries.


  













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
&#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions
 profits
 and balances.




&#8212; Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&#160;&#160;In general
 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms


 for further discussion of the policy.
   

 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions 



Concentration Risk
 Credit Risk
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 customers represented approximately 50%
2020

 the Company has 



Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 March 31
 2021

 short-term obligations that present minimal credit risk including U.S. government securities
 demand notes of U.S. and foreign corporations
 certificates of deposit and time deposits

 2020.



Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
)
 accounts receivable
11

 for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.
   
   
   
   

   
   

   
   

   
 March 31

 which is classified within Level 



Deferred Charges
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
&#8212; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt
 March 31
 2021 



Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
&#8212; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in
 



Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]

   

 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&#8217;s forecast of future taxable income
 the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.
   

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense.



Assets Held for Sale
 Policy [Policy Text Block]

&#8212;The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time
 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings
 land and equipment.



Discontinued Operations
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
&#8212; Discontinued operations comprise those activities that have been disposed of during the period or that have been classified as held for sale at the end of the period


 cash flows and the balance sheet amounts pertaining to this as a component of discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements.
   

 information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations.




2020





&#8212; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value
 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&#160; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
&#160;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)
 and current market conditions. Management believes these provisions are adequate based upon the relevant information presently available.



Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 series of convertible preferred stock
 which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&#160;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &#8220;two-class&#8221; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.
   
   

 which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.
   
Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

126
51
188

126
51
165

125
50
959
9
9
264


125
50
959

125
50
979
9
9
264


9
9
333


   
Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

1
147

1
124

1
119
9
264


1
119

1
139
9
264


9
333


   



Depreciation
 Depletion
 and Amortization [Policy Text Block]
&#8212; Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was $27.1 million and $26.1 million

2020

   
   
   
   

 the Company&#8217;s assesses the potential for an other-than-temporary impairment of its equity method investment when impairment indicators are identified. The Company considers all available information
 including the recoverability of the investment
 the earnings and near-term prospects of the investment
 factors related to the industry
 amongst others relevant information. If an investment is considered to be impaired and the decline in value is other than temporary





Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
&#8212; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 as well as the related revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.



New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
 August 2018
14
): Disclosure Framework&#8212;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans
 December 15
 March 31
 2021 
   
 May 2020
 Among other things
 January 1
 January 1
 2021 
   
 March 2020
04
 which provides optional guidance for a limited time to ease the potential accounting burden associated with the expected market transition away from the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. LIBOR is used to determine interest expense related to the Company&#8217;s Revolver
 March 12
 December 31
 2022. 
   
 December 2019
 to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.
   
 June 2016
13
19
 will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further

10

 among other things

 2022
 reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
03
 amendments


 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.



Reclassification
 Comparability Adjustment [Policy Text Block]






























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of property and equipment costs
 including methods used and estimated useful lives and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]

Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

126
51
188

126
51
165

125
50
959
9
9
264


125
50
959

125
50
979
9
9
264


9
9
333


Years ended March 31

(In thousands
 except per share amounts)

1
147

1
124

1
119
9
264


1
119

1
139
9
264


9
333


   







Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021

Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]









Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]

March 31
 2021

Property
8
656
8
656

   







Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021











Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]

March 31
March 31
 2020




1
026
1
026




    
March 31
March 31
 2020





Selling
 General and Administrative
(1
150

(1
093
1
093


Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
1
147

   







Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








    
March 31
March 31 
2020
1
172
986
080
102
119
044
88
97
393
71
105
044
10
11
475
21
16
733
1
467
1
335
769

   







Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








    

Revolving credit facility
 
1
106
924
Farm Credit term loan
 
96
99
941
Bluegrass tax exempt bonds
10
000
Economic development note
 
 due through 2022

98
217
581
4
500
94
217
081

   





    
4
500
4
000
4
000
4
000
81
869

98
585

   







Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block]

    
March 31
March 31
 2020



4
4
335
1
1
353
5
5
688
23
30
190
29
35
878


1
1
353
23
29
845
6
6
437
31
37
635

1
4
424
2
6
419







   



Lessee
 Lease Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block]

    
18
7
665
14
7
665
7
6
096
3
2
713
1
1
625
3
2
786
48
28
550
3
2
540
44
26
010
17
6
778
27
19
232

    
23
7
313
18
7
313
13
7
313
6
5
786
3
2
395
4
3
995
69
34
115
5
3
524
64
30
591
21
6
225
42
24
366

   




































Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








    


13
(1
912
4
1
187
17
266


13
14
251
3
1
278
16
15
529
33
14
804

   





    











   





    


5
5
581
2
204

2
2
219

6
26
562



1
589
2
233
20
38
369

17
12
664

1
239
4
4
373
21
7
540
43
26
024
4
4
473
(28
7
872

   





    

2
065


1
123



(1
626

Balance as of March 31
2
065

   







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








    



278
250
461
9
9
244
9
9
064
(1
114
17
20
146
(28
(9
574
286
278
227



202
233
112
103
(46
325
73
26
000
(29
(10
302
348
202
485

62
(75
742

   





    




(26
(105
866
(26
(106
215

   





    

adjustments
 net




Balance at March 31
(79
220
60
153
Balance at March 31
(19
067

   





    


10
9
935
9
9
064
(15
(16
746
9
919

14
2
952

14
3
070

   



Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions [Table Text Block]

    
















   





    
Assets at March 31











   





    


   





11
178
11
290
11
913
12
640
13
342
75
496

   




































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year
 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.




























Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























Tabular disclosure of assumption used to determine benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 discount rate
 rate of compensation increase
 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and interest crediting rate.




























Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period
 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.




























Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans
 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Fair Value
 by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table Text Block]

    




Long-term debt
98
97
217
217
559

   







Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]




       
       
       
       
       
       
       


       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       


       
       
       


       
       
       


       



   







Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021






Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]

    



1
363
71
10
21
1
467
644
175
1
2
181
067
853
51
2
908
232
67
1
1
71
450
29
2
32
376


1
202
105
11
16
1
335
769
65
3
70
524
853
51
2
908
068
63
2
66
440
26
3
30
933

   







Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








    



Balance March 31
 2019
1
5
7
046
(1
(5
(7
070
Balance March 31
 2020


Balance March 31
 2021

   







Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2021








    



Year-ended March 31
 2021:
1
(1
304)
4
4
674

Year-ended March 31
 2020:
1
1
598
3
4
473

   













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

837


702





800


200



Depreciation
 Total

100


100



Equity Method Investment
 Other than Temporary Impairment

700












Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)













Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total













Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total













Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance

400












Concentration Risk
 Percentage






































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































This item represents an other than temporary decline in value that has been recognized against an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the investment represents the amount of the write down which is or was reflected in earnings. The written down value is a new cost basis with the adjusted value of the investment becoming its new carrying value subject to the equity accounting method. Evidence of a loss in value might include
 but would not necessarily be limited to
 absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.






















































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




100


188












077


165












584


959





088


264












584


959












604


979



















158


333














147














124














119







264














119














139







264





















333































































































































































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period related to discontinued operations.

























































Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.



















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.






















































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) from discontinued operations available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) from discontinued operations available to common shareholders.

























































Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from continuing operations
 allocated to common stock and participating securities
 as if earnings had been distributed. Excludes distributed earnings.

























































Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
 allocated to common stock and participating securities
 as if earnings had been distributed. Excludes distributed earnings.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Loss (Gain) on Write-down







Amount
 before tax
 of (gain) loss recognized for the (reversal of write-down) write-down to fair value
 less cost to sell
 of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Note 2 - Assets Held For Sale - Assets and Liabilities Held For Sale (Details) - Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member] - USD ($)
Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


Property
 Plant and Equipment (net)

656







656









Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 09
 2018
Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020












Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Restructuriing Charge






000)



Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member]









Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses
 Net of Cash Divested
 Total


326
000







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue
 Percent









Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Restructuriing Charge






150
000)






000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.
      Includes $3
746







Amount of restructuring charge attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Percentage of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020







026



















Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax




147



Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member]




























026








026



































Selling
 General and Administrative












150)
















093)








093




[3]
[4]
[5]














Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax




147







000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.
      Includes $3
746









446





211





975








Amount of costs of sales and operating expenses
 including interest expense
 attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of interest income(expense) attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of restructuring charge attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Contract with Customer
 Asset
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current
 Total



610




































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time
 classified as current.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




467
644


335
769












172
635


080












339


044












289


393












866


044












999


475



Manufactured Product
 Other [Member]








516


733







Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2022
Jul. 31
 2021
Mar. 24
 2021


Accounts Receivable
 Vegetable and Fruit Products Sold
 Standard Payment Term (Month)










Accounts Receivable
 Vegetable and Fruit Products Sold
 Maximum Payment Term (Month)





















Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Nonproduction Period










Long-term Line of Credit
 Total





















Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Nonproduction Period










Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Production Period


































































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2021
May 28
 2020


Statutory Accounting Practices
 Statutory Amount Available for Dividend Payments without Regulatory Approval

000





Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000





Pledged Assets Not Separately Reported
 Fixed Assets

200
000












Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



000
000.0



Debt Instrument
 Periodic Payment
 Principal

000
000.0





Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount
 Total



000










Debt Agreements
 Financial Covenants
 Minimum EBITDA

000
000












Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Maximum Percentage of Commitments for Available Line of Credit that Requires Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio






Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Maximum Amount for Available Line of Credit that Requires Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio

000
000
































































































The carrying amount
 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of fixed assets owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement
 and for which the transferee is not permitted to sell or re-pledge them to an unrelated party.






















































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




585


581





500







085


081












000


924












869


941














000



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate













Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate













Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate













Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate
































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




500







000







000







000







869














585


581







Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

815
000


364
000














Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

874
000


797
000


504
000



Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member] | Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment [Member] | Retained Earnings [Member]








Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

019
000











Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




746


335





102


353





848


688





736


190





584


878





102


353





864


845





321


437





287


635





740


424





009


419










Operating leases
 lease term (Year)













Operating leases
 discount rate





















































































































































































































Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


Year one
 operating lease

606


896



Year one
 financing lease

665


313



Year two
 operating lease

042


820



Year two
 financing lease

665


313



Year three
 operating lease

118


022



Year three
 financing lease

096


313



Year four
 operating lease

572


510



Year four
 financing lease

713


786



Year five
 operating lease

729


023



Year five
 financing lease

625


395



Thereafter
 operating lease

151


597



Thereafter
 financing lease

786


995



Total minimum payment required
 operating

218


868



Total minimum payment required
 financing

550


115



Less interest
 operating

402


559



Less interest
 financing

540


524



Present value of minimum lease payments
 operating

816


309



Present value of minimum lease payments
 financing

010


591



Amount due within one year
 financing

778


225



Long-term lease obligation
 operating

769


760



Long-term lease obligation
 financing

232


366










Amount due within one year
 operating

047


549




































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases
 tax

916


427



Discontinued Operation
 Tax Effect of Discontinued Operation
 Total






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total













Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Law Change
 Percent






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Amount

500


700



Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
 Net
 Total

306





Deferred Income Tax Assets
 Net
 Total



872



Tax Credit Carryforward
 Valuation Allowance

700





Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Uncertainty on Timing



600



Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Expense
 Total






Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued
 Total






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Lapses of Applicable Statute of Limitations
 Amount













Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

500












Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

100












Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

300
































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax law change.

























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.






















































































The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020





121


912)






145


187






266








486


251






164


278






650


529






916


804









































Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.



















































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









































































































The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by federal tax credits
 generated or utilized under enacted tax laws during the period.




























Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax law change.













































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




884


581





204














063


219












511


562


























589









233





303


369





975


664














239





371


373





556


540





935


024





674


473





306)









872


















































































































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.

























































Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee benefits
 classified as other.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from compensation and benefits
 classified as other.






















































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.



















































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




065









123












626)












Balance as of March 31




065





































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2003


Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000







Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)

695







Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired (in shares)

103
547







Treasury Stock
 Value
 Ending Balance

198
000


319
000














Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash








Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method

358
000


673
000





Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Value of Shares

500
000







Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Share Amount (in shares)

276
















Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted (in shares)

500




















































Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)

000







Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage








Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

000


000





Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000


000














Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)

000
















Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)

200
000







Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Non-designated (in shares)

765
645
















Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

240







Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000


000














Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

000
















Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion (in shares)








Preferred Stock
 Dividends Per Share
 Declared (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

855
















Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)








Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued
 Total (in shares)





742



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share)

















Voting Rights
 Percentage of Vote Per Share








Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)

355


855





Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method

400
000







Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired (in shares)

731
















Stock Issued During Period
 Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (in shares)































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.



















































































































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)




































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




600







Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 after Tax

800)







Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 Tax

900)







Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Amount
 Ending Balance

914


485


112



Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Increase (Decrease) for Actual Return (Loss)

166


325)





Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Contributions by Employer

000


000





Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Expected Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets








Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount

600








































Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.

























































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.

























































Amount
 after tax
 of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




227


461





326


244





266


064







114)





712


146





468)


574)





063


227





485


112





166


325)





000


000





737)


302)





914


485





851


742)







Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.

























































Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.






















































































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.




























Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.

























































Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020











265)


866)





523)


215)







Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for transition asset (obligation) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















364





153





815










220)





067)







Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to parent.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




627


935





266


064





804)


746)





919














099


952












099


070







Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan
 including administration.




























Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for net periodic benefit cost components
 excluding settlement or curtailment expense.






















































































Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020






























































Weighted average rate of interest on service cost for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.






















































































Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020
















Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member]




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Debt Security [Member]




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Real Estate [Member]




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Cash [Member]
























Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.




























Percentage of actual investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















178





290





913





640





342





496


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Long-term debt
 including current portion

585


581










Long-term debt
 including current portion

226


559







The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


Inventory
 LIFO Reserve
 Effect on Income
 Net
 Total

700


800





















600






























































































The difference between the change in the inventory reserve representing the cumulative difference in cost between the first in
 first out and the last in
 first out inventory valuation methods and any LIFO decrement which have been reflected in the statement of income during the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




654


251





175


173





987


474





816


898





672


267





144


631

































































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed
 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing on a FIFO basis






















































































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Cost (Reversal of Cost)
 Total






Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Total









































Restructuring Costs
 Total



























Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal






Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property













Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal




































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.




























Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend
 lower cost
 or other economic benefit to investor
 owner
 member and participant.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.

























































Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020
















Concentration Risk
 Percentage










For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020




467
644


335
769





067


524





348


309





431


686





375


933












467
644


335
769





067







232


068





450


440





376


933












363
263


202
528





810


921





602


438





963


543





534


486












866


044





967


774





803


803





451


122





299


564












999


475












054


054


























516


722





585














528













































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


Restructuring Charges
 Total



626










Restructuring Charges
 Total



000







900










Restructuring Charges
 Total



200










Restructuring Charges
 Total



300










Restructuring Charges
 Total



400


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020













046







070)




























229







252)




























817







818)











































Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan
 excluding business exit costs. Excludes expenses associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020









Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction













Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction
































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2021
Mar. 31
 2020


SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Allowance
 Credit Loss [Member]










598








304)


627
















598











SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset [Member]










473


988






















674


473







































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
J=0U[R;UEA_6\#MI7E!+ P04
M      D@LM2KV_

M:L


MY &AKJH&+)+4DB1



MUES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!
M$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

+$P&IG/U9K
MQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M&N#C\7@XMLO2
5 TR



*
M$IY&V[I4_5*E=?EK[DHN#Q;Y.FOH70^+
_Y/%_GM
T+

M2O2QS'!.'LL

5O& RN0
MHGQ


MYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE



MDI &$P'-E


U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+A=OB5
V[&KXF

)%K/]8UA[Y

MYA

?-2K6J5D*Q$_

0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:



)<DZ<D3M59:Z7U^DVGHX(5


M]/E8!!D


M*$
RXTP!P9!
E
JJ&=: 7@N

U:*Z&ZN!_
(51LTZ@=?
2:IYG*[ C9]!RO)5G+#,6NX6=GW
MFLE^/GQD!+JZ%')320@'&@8!K/+!BV%VYF 8/2O]7C/IGR4LCLE%INZJAY+

1ZUHUSRJ]UTSI9RN0#)01
MCE/+R



ML5Y*O'[CIDM =
6M#U/]Q^V[6


M
(ZX9.0;-R,I_5SQZJ^8SO99Z5[*%8E\4

H)2MZ3Z7W_CA-]8Z%A[*YZ+

J H




KN+I?@4+0$FE)N\;
^&I



M
LIRT2N'YI1)AW*Q(KRD4N:HY76$:












8._IC]CI
M3U7?+S+\$3^(!M*8!ETLF(9COO0L23QKI=YF^5Y]N_Z[6NU9B]A9ZS_7JF\*




KSF7QQNU



M*S9MY6E3&+B[N]+R8Z7=4VQBR52?$^/-*FT-?;)U0#(GANEW3RJ$;=7G+N\
MAD:XD=FII/2V$8@F;;B;FM!% '4*)[$\25OA-11E@;?RF:IV:&2&E:6N5W3

2E/)$).-7SQD-5WK@\?[


MJ$U 4S92^[^X1DNGDG8+8UV1LE(!1LC;30+T+'3


';9]
DY?MCS?^&)+
AI-/%C_J@ 5N%\7 L


-

^TM;:(4*1*TD?^ODM*5I7X0%_$0SNCF25W-=I)


M@P



X(/R*(7)-?DJ
L@^$OCHIK$4'2Q-HXN
CU1=DSCL

RKKN
M\8Z04FJCP##EKAI9@( 5PRO7%6@%[UV=(D/W=M7MA#?])!KV'+83!?TXC/K8


T
M.E)U''8U3%M'5HGR6U5?@%J[9JC)4FZ$J:JEV6WZ[9UK
Y_VI]B'J[;YCZ9J

%.Y:8Y_DM V0!\OY+2'!;V \W?


I9%HV32D(55T;)_=Y-)8
M)+[

I.@LK:]#4.35]@(



M[&OG6I;X(SJ'[*PU22X:# 4JQK^T3;+]C7



.\533M%

X&;*ZL*#]2@7OF^
I#36MG.YR$ZM.Z=O[&O

M+XGL?N$V&!ZZ[#=02P




:47R!2$2PH_G-RYM'
MI\T7X._1:7)TF@S]49_37=/(6J.W;0M^O@GT2(\]TJ%'YNM1M&L$8X/R_H/\
MO2NVHH1'.





M)R@_S;0-7TB8+P



MI88U-

D1U7Q8/ 1]LF!!.R;3F
M=IJ1U+-PJ$$.#2/GM*P=!4BG5IL@..:86H/NL&-9$OO4CH[EPJ3Y=#+(^Z.N
M_'0RG
(=9($8; VR;49P&G'/^0LU *+A.N?KH::QU\1/.&'7
R1-DRE('&:


X]17KE-#0QJFX2Z0G]/G.(&+K%+28153KT(#0QJ&X3&A^+@[8?HNGL9Q



N=OFL&C;_DG.



93+$PIG;!WA]8G*)MZ
1IRO$T3W38T0SR$]_Z-81B/TFH



MS+E76JMJ^+B6 G9M;P!_7RFE#U_ZEWV.+W==_P%02P
$%     @ )(++4FAS







M85=#V/1

B^
@:/AF^1Z8^0_P50
M2P





M&M
3X/CWV.FL']


M/3:@=J(=




M1+ #T/+US:
 '-H[E-K^J

MVW%BSSB?88MS)EOHV;D

VQ)CRT)
:X@'M'I^\1@$9LA/:8\E

:A&$^H4K+0^E/DBS
M6V@*<_2%U-7Y60$<FJ3I
'7Q;ZMCC&=PX
M*\9HIU9%[$%+!K0D3
=;UFZX
JIUPL0V4BT;-#5;U8UE971AZ


M!V63O3?.M7;.@KC@C2G7805DAA-/B))!QLB/%3?KNF60V;\^1 ?M(6'M.5_B

[*9F#7.Y0F3:-X#-1AAC-
/'4P&12)A!7I_B#++7C11(*6
MX

(]/Z]9S

 ]&AA]!VEIW=-.I6
4%GJ1;#K.Y

M-N6+0$


MH.*P0(4GMC]F!A6REUGVE
!YCA]-#_+'
W#89


M7D6MA-9B9Q^WG
3W\E8SVCBU*
MR-PW8;?.9+^QWKX&\Z?T^Q;OF
H^_+.


WC*&'3#.7KY9)F




5J






M4] ;QA$K#XV0B)MH9Z]AFYBFK6JH@DWYM
182TRT1* E[BU%2V5(-2GMG91V








M:
[UYC ^ YQGN&+&U[DIP)FV:=MU[ N V:UZ5*X%=]N6TF(?*\9MF7Z_5Z[I

MT
CJJE:6 ;^69\ 'F@: 4\36VP8]
M$C@1ZYP3KK4-9$._IZ02J/@4]G






]
A8CTST2  @CH'M]KV&
M5$Z%'.54

J=
T7:1;]5WR@
2KD0*






JI[LF Y?-E(

M[#UN?.';U-@-?S8IZ):MF+DKE@I6?N








8-(Z(


T22O8I%NP

$

M

6V&]A)V\5B/XS(D34U



MJJZ)$

M/D=$KS2UX__B+JX]*D:B#
Z;)FV&!(UNXZ^\3S@
-IQ
']E0I T%RQT9L93O






MJ@T*OZ6!V/SL
!.?K*R46%O3F$A)@K9LA6[6QGK2K#2X; $9T?0K)9PD!K*M
MX++V1K'.Z=4YULIV\^TW)T5^_-*)A97D&T2_J5W&6\C%J6%"4L O,PT; F
MAAVA17 P[G)0P$ACB

M


M@@T


M)8-?&:M_CRY1PLL9[6%RLL;U8K%ADV91%\@-YX!A+9.PVAJM!KF?P.\$4?







[%


EW?W9 W


N=+H=$S&NZ.ST

M]M AUA(P8:B1G&$&S$B)SD



%X$%(R(CTO]W$.$YL?T]\GX










MK)CCP6U/Y61@GU-^O;-A9^T.1P#VT'K0(TK1$YC.AO9'A5Y;72=+S
B7=LY.

M\=%(V/CE

$%

Q5J/ED;
M6PKBK=TDKK(H\A!4JB3M]\=)*:2.9I-@6]C9Q-2DI




^1



M
P.X)[7WK.]1_+O.[:7#;2!.U4(\-L\\\R+QS-:
M*?W%+!$M/)=FO/.TMKJ+(I
OL22F2-5H:2=N=(ELS35B\A4&EGAA4H1I7%\
M$I6

MP-PZ!$9_W_ 2A7! 1.-K@]EI53K!S?$:_=K;3K;
F

M:F$?U.H]-O9X@KD2QO_*IP=G'0@KXU592-,#$HNPS][;ORP(3
=PBDC4#J


=R F*=P2T-+ E2RPV :(B%[+
5USG*1[




GN=DCMZ




M
M?E
IGC.RE]O2\W]QB&.7ZY'(&Q]LE2;#@TJ;^L?$PZ#1?3%R;
TX0Y^QT7

5';:3)M2S%79!!@6?!OV)_V=E?




M]T+NG(I%0_

 ]4PGGLU.;X[):4K)D+_.C\6O

MVGI



FM];P6*
[#4T95[$AH



=@[B@\(^+

M!0&W3;E%A;(+R0ZFT- 4?L%\(9KB+5&.2_A=)%0:XU]W;!M4UY@)^\#ZW5;4
M7OY4L7)0KU\A EP[-P1L05T4:07*6!9%U W
V.I'[E323I$/QV81Y@%K4EKY
M


!WM2


=&6U[9!*#+'K*&3$ _N:ZAO





MD^'P.JZ$U%$Z#WN/-IV;AI34^&C!-54E['&%RAP6T2@Z;3S)HB2_$:?S6A3X



MM9A+@CN1227I.(^)[_'H..LT5ZUF\H[F*(%[HZET\$GGF+\6B-E@[S(YN5PE


W@LY=:@<*MTP=



PS[0U
DB0I$J2=OQ

U8H#[1AM_V:M#:
\' R]K;(3OVQ8-







MO%-&&*F$AIL@ E**!?\
_GB//X[XXR?P'S



QGV60VH8V7]#V$

BH[$
-OD6I*H4ET2JQ9?_(B'#$4K&(




M:$YWJ21MTZB4@/QLR'_ JJ(;0/3^3)'X23'AQL2?1'IC_4

DD
M\I:E@(@E64%]#7?ZNU/WS2$A
X#F+7.\R[.-U
H)9 2JDE;2Q\
<-7]3##T'D;%W(3QG8PN:0&E*



[EGQ.1&

50UOBHI+=F6Y%96-<_@
MQR-^[/#C)_#?&.$\-@?6Z&YK9HUXTW9&Q-]7-G?'\2]99=2%;?_?W(SYJ@

52NXP+C6O%D[FJPR


ZQ7^WY
YY(7
M=L?\QQ_R




00

]W
M=6$L,7U<+8$7^%^HR0:VZ<<#;+$R^

)RR91X_W
MN0@OHGG^&+:L3$'*8)KZR NL*R %O/DZ?.#^'L''\]C9OFX&/.I'K86R#IN
MVV]H+SPN*,Z2WTCQ6!'4]5;CB:8;QY*FRW.D':#5D*M!:\1Q*%&VZGUB7:P
M'ZF]X\MJG]@T$1YPS5:XX[1\\*C% /F@;U!'

M]:E50)5I0J
1V+/C\/=2(S;(,@A '^9T@!2YB59&5D040#*2DP1'OVTM M
H;:0M^[
M(B_VR6(H;\[W$H'U(.4QK&78T\(X7C@4^<D/9580IE(:'


MDP-E)5#;DA0-Z_]562EV5C1%;'K)
GA.66$ Q2[!*@259Y45HTQ2:N(AL-.4
9;

+K'\C ^!^-\W\!4$L#!!0    (


MWZ^_9TA)EK-)L!^L%W)F.*_/C'6]U^:[W0KAV(^Z4O9FM'5N=S6=VF(K:FXG
VU7_ML;J]UXRJIQ&?#;%/7


MH$VS$2L:ZW3=

$#6D
MT8
;L&_+GO?RYES]_1?[1?^Q1VJ+2MC&_?E-

MK-#*ZDJ6
*ED:U$* PNY*MD3-U(WEEFRELF@IH.:1KC&*!O$[8Q^DK[24.@#

MS]@XCBZ1




@E63

K!FV1S5K







MR):+A+//93\DJ2AIC#U+%D
^+ENU 
MZ\=FKX%5[3I

M M


E


)

M&DFZP;D#51A



(.FT#^TP3=H^=/J@

MV6SH[+W!-XX;LS
'E\F-4K=N\;&81(DCA )SZQ 8_:UQCD(X(*)QUV)&74CG
MN#O?HK_WN5
N-\S@7(GOO+#E)#J)H
 E:X3]HC8?L
UGY/!R)8P?81-L1TD$


#


[1WIYZJJ2*V@8DK-VI9==7KP57)C
M&F+Q2#$/#L8[T![J-9U3^Z<35RT3Q.=K+G 57 HT?6]V'3CWM9/*EEWF0;(






MWA(

7I^Q3#T*+:LE*Y6Q3)3K

M(\=D*UXM

W;CU*M&BQ7W=*7!_0RT+;I:PJ
M
AU:D;?9


M

MG?

6H



HJE*P29(_G'RK!R'N(BH9MHB

[AX6TF1(7LH
\U]Q\( J
M84M1YZ03SZG
&:L]'QTC\8.)X]AY






M8I

?P!T4Y':

MI;







M=40W106#))P^T_F$I6$T0!$OC'+W7]U-51

&-


P$/XKIX!XD;JF


MGW!=S\CS94:Y\(15NW=X$D'6.#+5&LP95%*W;_&XUF$+
!X\ TC7@#3DW08*

#?


..?QCX
MA\_P;\GZ0;I


MB%^RT#DLGH)8OQOCD:S./4_'VLH
70 [64DE; M]DWE-K5@H]


%6@ZWRQ'BA3@K267XXD2%G!0U5I)DX*J4


M:&5E=#(R+GAM;'V42V_;
 R [_D5A+&C%[_CM$@-&V#!6BWHNVVP[#8C.)

M.X4?''?Z1 8;R4+*%[N9EV
OM YAA86Q!$:?+5YC55D0N?'GP/2Z)ZWAJ7RD
MSUSL%
,,,F(R5WH*PVT:S@0G76Y!P7
M]J<\&46WG.S,Y*LT%$
GV$NMBB

M&U;@V*.&TZBVZ%&F^W[7**K9KC! NL%*DAFZDP;_-EE_!_D59*:K$^9C7L
J9&M7*30=,K&V':]NE.N^%SU?;<FWH[N2BK*RXT5+@DT[?
M9QZH=AJT&R

M

(3.1FO'6?4A_3 \_6)_2'D[G+9
8NW6OSB.97+

M

&PO

LX
*I$ P8LK:2:V
MXXD?DGAL)WWH] $F(0EC$F !R++[]5V DNJFMOI HO=@[,'6YG6V
?W%I*


(61R;\Q#F%RU\R0-A&0G&Q\0

M

MH\CR0GBQF%FS!1N\$2T


M;^1@K%=Z!1?*-9UQ&ROA]SOYY.&L


#::1?
@5B$SH5MP L








M-2YX;6Q]5=]OVT8

?3A+M'3(W5&[
LE8$[3R5BI5T=0+D*_N &/=R28SE5VH


M;W4H#87.(_SS%1\9=H;*AV\_(OIRF
5J!A\=2
V O!11Q@Q*ZGR0_0&T!-]W
M07QN$I&DE:KW ETD)ZJ$!2TRO,I$E&B9YEI,*DMVK.V(@/L@!+#CE&J)25








M:!Y!C@5OI+O7^S^QBV?B\3(M;6AAW]I.B3%KK--5YTSC2JCVSU^Z/!PYS)
/





-K1;



&EW#A


W''U&E%.&G


MMRB*$%2I.$N23W$EI(ZFX[WL-.QJ4E)C0L+KJXJ84\S5.8PB=+HO+&4VY+\
M1CP=[\465TC?]PO+5MQ1EFA=M)HL+B91(_IPVS@_8/##XD'=[$&KV1MS
X;






MS



M[7:7];&9T7_NS4WGE%O)C5XX=D-QI&8)O;TQAD]F%BUX9X_L.RY!\.6N_
MYQO#7Z\U?(+N%S9] U!+ P04      D@LM2A%,F=0#  #2!@  &0   'AL


M+3R50IJ)5UB[O?!]DQ98

@./-+QJ4W

627L5[7[B&T]

MY0:2-%65M&;L6TKJ0OVT33!K$D2O) @C^*2D+0R\EQEF+P%\8MM1CO:49]$?

4EDREG E:66:36^W_!+_#C



PQ











&:Z R*F\HWT\M4+:VZ%I=6 1A?


_SN;.6UC+GST(CAH$1XS@Z $$YZ9T )Q+
L$D(-F(/^+O!W7G





72F!1(O85&?:9/M^-.SA[Z3A[Z07\3NI




MF)Q
#NU;H?]IXIDF-:$!S&L=Z@#4RSO8J%-X3=D






EQ$X#Q8H)]%

[]Q1$3.4@


-CH\9V&PJWCYD$&L),65Z+3DY=Y 1$[6%')T
MU6CV
)2N?=2;B*5I


MBPX\Z/7?0:_O]NG\



M%9ZO+@IS&]77%G*1-@)6A($2J

M#' YV*H\&1!0^8:8&/Q2;9.:)J9
F#*/1\
#88*D]CRM L#HC603N.ZL@V
M3NZB&X6*%+*]@7@:V7?7-V(/DJHXO5JWQ[ED'MIN90)&D4T8R[.FUJ?1Y9



M@_TT.DGB87



)UK#32%6F#K
&ULK5?;;MLX$/V5@; /6TR+KX7CH$XZ6+[T%VC3ELL%OM 2V.+6J

M3/=DA26]V4A5

%UAJ+DM0N+GP+N/W






_G6YX0;O#2R$3&__.R;S^:S_(%
:
MT$H






M'$?C1T






M965T





MJZGC ]2]&&Z)
3=P)3/
7A*$I+




^HUW%@GD.1TZ;
0C&*[1YHD@DJ[FIOG
M3*\13M@I&9ST.KU!!*=4DQ:I2FSCWL
?E27NU





TT40S

M\/-_[3Q)-Y-YKGI6X
*AT5


RM=UTW_H@Q\-\\-UXW3&7S1-4H(


M:8L%:+8@R58413_0TMDB(I$:2=GNO]^1LI5L2XQ^D'@D[YY[/\[W4CWJ&M'
MH6V$7GBU


MV:U:SF5O&B[P5H'NVY:IGRMLY'[AQ=[IX(YO:V
/PN6\8UN\1_-G=ZMH%XXH

MMFY0OYV'AK18WK \(JX&Q.05Q#B!&RE



M
OC


I'9?-Q 47F1R1^
MX0 B CA3 /E8 /DO%\ -

:4%0VV=0N94W]

M6S=I*36R%V881^/I.

M(\4R.+7-C

M;YR?F
W/MV(M/TCWY_;:X&LVHBQ5*SNK=$=&KBXFKY*SR\S;!X._E-S;@S%Y


;2K]U2

MP 7%(KK2UM$_ 94^REM'EXVN/__[+0&/XOGC=V:WHI87$YPO*\V-G
S_EL+T
M@M+!$
H'.Y@(:W'L3RB-BC0/


R]+
M^F

MKV&7RM:^

S_+
M*4FC.&4/






B
;T1AMWUX8I:LG-)$6
M-%Z(1JQ*
Z'_G -T)YX

M4^ %64IWTD V2#V6)#1.60RI#V(E %;\AA5EB7V(/!8'/1(
)!&06)KMD!(O


M8$C#^55/NE5=[@HJG
+&-!LRDB



1L8BNE=CP


BU4&SW
MXSQQ/KZ

([05:F6W



W+AS\U(:G



M=#



M/;*9D,:#:RK=C6,DR5%Y


MJQ$+/(?YKN_UR M:MP
K+^AQ6[/&P1YQ82LNM.+%\3=@R+.A=
W;&K%2^7


:-0_:+Y'.92_/$


M/BOAC941^4$CWW


U!?\-*JL3VR:6.FD0


 -^WN= [#
EN+T7<_/LM?VA RG2%\%K




R0:$+/(8S29C&!S$9=[Z?% (TH*]$




X+GAM;'U4;4_;
!#^*Z=H
M'T JY*4M+54;B3+8D

OE#X][.=-'1:Z9?X[GSWW$ON
M\7RC]+



MVGS%KI^QP\N4

)W#-N(8G)AH$
MM89K+IG
.!-P(PWIQOX'




M8YC

=_?V?;'[4G!I0.#:


Y
M+GAM;'V42V_;


Y1Z
M-XE8]')P+U9KYP^2Z;CA*WQ ][VY

M[NR1#+Z2A=9/7IE7DZCO$T*)I?
$3I\M7J&4'D1I_#DPHRZD=SR67^C7H7:J


M$/(\CT?GH]Z-I^$^0*G\Z_GU-RBU=:W:.F4SUG6*3 LBQ.AT7O43LN01P-







RHG-IT7S#:'5C]JT#-31P9W!4


=_VT[6.AP0ZG)12$C
-/(G19.CV'
/6I'
M0S.8.[JET/@ ^K[1=./U]@OO=6?P%02P


@\+:^B8

E0A9%


MW^NU)BWL4;*R0FE*)4%C/@]NXYMEXNR]P8\2=^9(!I?)1JDGIWS)YD'D D*!

0^F 628\T;8




Y@;:!







$%     @ )(++4IPQ3@/2

M2NZ'03#R2U8(;SYU=S=J/I6UX87 &P6Z+DNFGI?(Y6;F#;S=Q6VQSHV]\.?3


8T7DO\H4I//O(D'

[&GJ0U-K(LG4F!F4AFI-MVSKL.4R=QS
MUB%TO)M CN4E

GG\_5:)#T:T WRN*Y;@S*
)


ON.%&8%@;3'DB3
MHX)

+
M35L&4EFO3%;S%[ C&/2'9Q
ZCP?]*(A[)/VQ6CSLP3&S:A2=P57#P; M/+W4
MN\
^@K@?CR


M\XLGPU?

MG(YI4ZEFES6*D97;'RMI:!LY
:?UC\H:T/M
TMRTB@W0_:'
_P%02P
$%





5LLDIF;((+QZ,U*E:A-TML.C(/@%X/8@0C8&/<'7J_#UO/C.T6AM

&;&D;34QD?WS QSVA_ZQ?]UB//[B/;S
MYO:T+\9O(2W9R2


TY?2/'F
(G8:[KA9 V

M-HO6*7#D5^ 71;M=P2#=7Z+M;%1H36+/BL*U@J*V6A8UJ]ZJ.'Y6E(1_Z1^&










8?01W5?KB

ICSA08?Z(R
MAR&%[IA$]SLJ&7I_RS3EJ3J#QP_WM^C]NS/T#DV0
D\5XCEZR+E6'PX&ONY$

MN )6^8M*?R:9GR!(


MPAG

ORB;=J*ZPTG7*D!9H3Z6&G-S3


L$JDTUZS#N_YR_9B\7NPR.$BXBH/#
MB
RF;@K+AL+22^&:*AXWFQQMI

M.%Z0#CW;*AKW) D.6BD+_M?M5;L?W%\..\\&PP=2C+WXKY*D+9$( 
/BP&;3

ZAU#['O!]4_#$_IJ


M



M#I/^QCQL13_TB[Z[



5-4HZ6:O=
4LF?H0FEHC*SRH$F$21==A
MQ;@
LM3[-CI+56






M+/XE$G[4$!R*F9O
NX9GH*LW@293$3]L5C[&[]#.AK[
/.V'-VA7W-3*
M





W+[$2[LC4



OQ3!*O!4.?/(/BWPA$JY8E8QD/'&6VV]

(YHTC4W5@5E!)




C2:I&RS@6XU6^!-U\.L&JQG:
MW\QR-QW#_MX![('4\+TTC6
%+HN)+7OA\;RS=]G:2U^Q=R/L$0SZ/4B3M+\#
M/GH_//D7'G.A-]5.-]5. ]_Q*WP3R^UGZ:D'$R4TA;)^?&ADS7U!L*^1#G9Y
M;$E/ JEORU5^=GIRFL6K'5(&&RF#-Z6

M757_3'%EY+/7N&

$/=&);\6J'U;R^
'R#N\ W
MQ.;]R_\ 4$L#!!0    ( 2RU+QIJ/330



MW1Z*'FAI;!.E1)6D[ 38'[]#2E'21!:
18'UP1)'\]X
WY!#3H]2_=![1 -W

#=7.U[EECA0*OPH(9^RGCFS:?.
MME;SJ2R



JW E$'*L_+)[BH=S@%$%2!Z!@C[)P]M [%]O
M /US 8,*X*;NEW-WPJV88?.IDD=0UIO8[(M3WZ%)+Y[9=7)C%'WEA#/S3](@
M]. 5ES'
C

K \

QB


LHM;.[AA@D\1\5!G=.@O4A*QHB)


M)Z













MW]1 HVKDH$%*&L1)XSH(1)H ^GNZI0O8'D:FH5$:V'D*LX
FC6G 8E*;8'$I

I79AMWC-A
KR_KT4
'<52_K!;_VX3S200=)QUI@U#/!([J:H<5DBY3(X)E8*)W8KY
M56A85H'9!V9M



M4E74O.JR;G?K5EFI!1=XA;=TZH$TJRP%I/NH.9,0$J%)0V5Y*^J%$BU2*PP
ML-21M;4
?)ZW%**&W&+FSU[3AN\8*:B% H/=#;R2-OS/!1(%G*-8'VB37Y[


MP7R7LDP:--6WTVD2\YP.16?$;Q.
2T+4M



M(+G*W;WY[D&+37:3O!!:BSC[NF8T9-(80/]2+U_,\H_GLQ^1M02P
$%


PMA+$
MIEW&;F51% %4J3A+DHNX$E)'DU$XF]O)R-2DI
:Y!5=7E; _;U&9S3A*H]W!
M@UR6Y _BR6@EEOB(]+R:6[;BCJ60%6HGC0:+BW$T36]F0^\?'+Y)W+B]/7@E

8X2GQ JS

ML =(+PX LA:0_0T8'@ 
6L @&TR[+N!(G)R)H-6._-;'X3:A/0K$9J?XN/

\S;P;1

MF%DL)
$7XUR/$=:RH!X\&1+J+2%-_/


S:0LPFO%459; 02+9U3<33)51\
W6P\[QP2XM2


)H)OD##1FLT
[-E8M'9#F4GCG1)Z




M;&@(4)?Z&O.\[/N,AZ55/QZUSUV;C!:1SOV#X0AKWH:(:QOQ7GGWZ/2]H\



H@K6FM*[2+0FT75&W43QQC872ZYT

$%     @ )(++4MN+**H5 P


R4NG.3
M=UD_B)PB%)A:%X+18XU#%

M@[
 

<'7Q4%J$#QW+:R767Y@J#'C%FY8R@6W#W P0LNX,/ )
M[VW!Q'M_CP=P<&;0W@#7

+JO5$JZQ(



^*.C;(WUV_JR

N

0(D @D


M$:
M#]W97(V'


X5<TM#36ZD.I!)%,E<&8V9*YLBD:@V^3L/K779++%V-(5!X*%2&9L
MRV(0
9G3 U:(T9@#)L&:(PO8Y)P6FEFFY);RNN@7Z'H.G:W;[;CGXV?H;6M(

M5?

MHW*;




6=S3(IH'4[XFGB
MRK48:ZK3:HR<N.').XD7,R@.1LF-.&P1E7_YA;=JV*L*S9&9FXR6DF#<Y9;



MR_B;2  DVF4I%2
CD3*_

M-S-
J#&.BK$G/H[86J:$PA-'8IUEF/^[AY1M1X9MO \\DU4B]8 YCG*\@AG(

M@NI0V#UMX$)I*F.I'3\K8(:]9J:V&R_1_]2F%=FYEC A*6_2R3D1$8*(8E
M7J?RF6V_0F7(T_$6+!7%+]I66
M B[60+*O(2D%&:/F/=U4B&@1EM)O@5 3G
M7

M00^



M-^P5]Z)U/3!






M
A$L9FYLI18SN3




MW3\]L?\]52')DBN2QFER1+X\7Q[_+8^01(\C[7&DSF]PPN\.^S;Q4D'!#/EQ



1OU

MSG)\'SUC(:JQK!CB7F5G






690

;:%-9K:L*=4T2Z78$VF\
9HQ[-E8-5;#
M*O













Y3RM=P31CA1ZR;K=86UF+^?C


MGR2)*+FVDI::\)3(5

;KP_
9J^ O3
B\9L0$(\RPSB=B!!4HJ




J*. X^+:
MN8$?[FB'8S%7P3OQ

M!76Z-;7CX?@5_9
1K\2LD



M@Z^


9JT^GZ
M!
%XL+8?)$%_JX=6@0?GGIUBTE%




1O[3RG$8*P8OR% &M;GDV*XC)RB
M%B)H(0!

35!.Y+*)RNH;TB)=ZWNZ/N /64ZFG4X!S5YT'
WZ!Z7YGA







ZZKLLH*6(F
E

M74EQ_&J++KK_J1.'QY?JG^KF53
;(N@=R__.=O)XNT@68$?WI
KE=W;^@[8-


M$

0D&2]E$O.(..

2U
M SLE[BCQ=4IY9K/4Q 8 Q#Y&(TQ+5)+HH;=QAAUG.)-SAIKA'#4M09-J1AUE
M-(/RR.F\V1F9! F(TXS 8^0G;0N .-9X/.$#0V&(_'3]%9MTH$G'F5SG
MW+.*S](S
0B,!Y/3S,HN'$[$P[S'0NY@PU4X



?!P8)5P+NH
3=MB+U C-'[F+5$H2

)


T]U :RNYZ4


M[G&PV%_D0V

=G#-Y5%LCM48'S\ILKG C



$%     @ )(++4F^+Y;[*!

MSWC&
]/!6NF?9@E@R2:.I#EM+*U-3II-$RXAYN9()2#QRUSIF%M\U8NF233P
9PD/ %W(%]2&XTOC4+*S,1@S12:)A?MH8T9





6$]2(TANY#B%[K381R#A+EPGGQ )!J;#&F?

%^#]8T& L.=]@
MIVW %RVM$NI#5LK,BE62VU;OZF_@/\O:J

MQ?R2)]A=I4U7DD0BY-



M;95H-W=FTACT(AW5#0F=U6RT*U:+GP-&Z1#\:GU

M2P
RAZ8*R1
M150BO20=I_]^AY2B.I+L%KE8(CGO\)FAQ9GY0:KON@0PY*6NA%YXI3&[&]_7

MZ'U=

M'^C-FCJ!L_B'PT$?O1

M;D\K/'Y_]?[1!8_!/#$-*UG]RW-3+KS
(SD4;%^9S_+P%[0!)=;?1E;:_9)#


M!V=PHB[-D?
I1F/$O)<+-IF*8]I*'5
M]31
QI'2#BE][]&E0Z@HSOI0(U9QF-!QJFE'-7W?T4T'NT4TC7M(0R
:3K-Q
MHJPCRMYW=-EPLS1-@A[2B%62A+-QIEG'-/LU$]Y-[OHRS?5%KT8@;\_[^4J_
MC44V&WR4432C_?
?6M$X^+QR*@MBV]GCJYR^@[*VU^H[KKL$'C!=D(#N7P

6J

MTT3(H\

M2C6-33

TV#BXUQ*;05#6 -
$%     @

H.&R


5N^@4++@@C
_VZHZZ4#N&(IF

M3

MW 8)XP
LYGD8




-&^B/NZ)
M$.Q(D\5C^NGUR
N&Q&SYVE/'M^%;-?NA$^?_F3%$SK'WM6//C[^V3;!1^^

MBQ*DB7OAXSAQ2



BYX;6R=6

DR+DH1O-9


M/



M5^2^6

%9RFQ\^?K63Y&)JQL(N/Q=$D\A/
K+SQ2IP)DS3ND/)@:.+G
M-&DX308Y_6-VH B6!12.G:WH!R9U-[ 3=SI8TH['%T02^*$^5FF#<OTC<@9
MP+-F?*Q29\)N&K@(-O;SF39\IH-\%@KV7*SQ_&.REM[]G+JTG$/F8N(D]C.C

M;HP2RQ+U=L65.LD#*+\R

MKMGU .+TBCI*86TU1$Z+0+90.
AZ(^3:\:\ BM!*5YKUU-%SQH)/IQ FM
M!\:2I?[:2LS=%AGL![Q8BN6&?A#ZZI'Y



%:%Q
G%NWQ[4N&^[6:M5;%BK;.U?
MOW1
HNZ8;





RYX;6R=E6UOFS 0Q[^*A?JBE=;RE$!:$:0FW;1*

M73(.*TE44U54OBV@%-NYXSOO$_=L4V@SX:9)33?P /JQ7DFTW%XE9Q5PQ00G
M$M9SY]J_6LZ





:@V--J%BB_WF(8^OA^$XU#3'FKZ_U#3P8+A9(]I












S[*9L
&6H3:=-




MH:4+T'0!]A!H=J=D5

M[Y:7;5!;9+F!V$^651OADV&W.
P(CM^G.


M189 1Y
DFGE*T5%8J_#2WHQ8DA NP%J]+3S;Z=BJW7%S!C$EFDE-P.W2QN



M;
&'C% @-Y=;9U4[Q!
R/(_VY/F]Y*C'N._UZ!$R_(Y^.K^C-F]C;PRQ)0]0
M8VOH#?:&.C:'.K2FM]@V9



EZ+=:IVFZRC!
0V

:6[IS'SXN%6=7.5BR$0\MN

MU_0O





MJT_7\ D8AZ=



MA*4H\&G)3
Z_&'MB45X^B*4NAZ@G2F$EA0CJ
ZA ;P&SX\C0C
)5.
;V%5
M2O-;4\E$


=$/1F
W:$VLTRCJ1!AF

.RX


VI\XC%
M+6XIE G?PPX;!93_(OCV!E^


#

M   ( 2RU)]V;\FY 
  /H

,CV:3<NU%SB:BT!GC\*1*O*<RN

M

)F^GH 7]]Q)%5

MUY_6GTOGC3-+JN!19/^PM=Y-1^D(K6%#BTR_BL/O4#M4 JY$ILI?=*AE_1%:


MMZIIYA4-N4#?HAN-XI]
UN=6[ 



F:]D-$TC!..[ .
ML7&47(CDN($=_X\$!T







M8&R?37)M+/S2V4X+^_4[.R%JJQ3Q);ZS[WGRW/G.Y5;I9]



I_6+;6T*K7:$NVB




M54MSVC 0_BL:3P[)3!
_P)AD@!D([;2'I)ZD:0^='H2]8#6R1*4UI/^^*]LX

MD6




*/:M




.X=EA!W$N+W

@SCPX2#CG!PE':955928Z0LSDLZ31G,UTVEW4YUO(IHA&+KD
MPD



@E6PJ6TVV_OU-S8L

S_F8\GO'J)-5770(8\EQ70J^#TICF?1CJO(2:Z1O9@
 O!ZEJ



S
MCTS#3E;_\
*4ZV 9D (.K*W
HVP[E/@
M2A233U*84I
/HH#B9P

MQ'KF[

MBU7X=.[

T'9%YA&@Z]Y
E
+4JJ;V@Z31<692-,*=R2+S

M9UGJHUM

MV(^9#9C9_UQQ8RI71

;%R/?)0&.ZX;EO@H F4%
M\/M!8I_L)W:#X9FU^0]02P
$%     @ )(++4GTS35/P @  J0H  !D   !X


M+&B]




M)F==D
=D_8LS!US:PJ5.GX5A$BN2B1)SB;(0A/$

M*'R]%\/_F^:.^!W




0$!D+ 7#VS^8
M@!6?-X+$F]*J8%'H_W[%]R\2AFP31
1!' -JI 80E(#P7TX![5QHD5DN
M:\H




M?;I@?0*=[PW-?PC\=1I_!ODS4$L#!!0    ( 2RU)K?AO$.P(  *X%   9




X55M?[Q2PTHEJX=





M31N.A4-)[EO3*B!S:&##
E

PN\G]EQ%8-


MI:A(I4)0Z$/5!V\RN[%P[-1V6/C[CIV0+I=%]*$OB2]SSLPYMB=;*7UG*D0+
M#[609AI4UC9'86B*FMF]E2#DG862M?,TE0O0]-H9*4'U2),HF@_K!F709[Y
MM4N=9ZJU@DN\U&#:NF;Z\02%6DV#.'A:N.++RKJ%,,\:ML1KM#?-I:99.+4



MR_)

Y&8KE&H?93+)]BI9Q87:(

MJ%T [2\4/=]^XKK!T/SS/U!+ P04      D@LM2N@L$#L0   [!P  &0



MPVO.N!I[F=;K

MD;
A6 5T'
M6BIS6'.BR60DQ1:D]3;9[
=C8LV-)3;?W&II5FE)DY/;H5&$+X#E=\@UP+
M25'!R1PUH4S! [[J@K!3L_ZXG


E



M674ZT6+MN]R2TZ9UNF)G7#:5U
M
.NI
!VOFM@-ZO=R\@=02P





M6(M7
F4&5E*]$B9R


\Z
VA!Q$\)VTF82TC2)HY&_V2=W
MN

M;QS:7Q$.@!47FI2P1.'@
L4(JAWOK6%DW4S(A30X;YME@7]$4-8!WR\E3LG.
ML$.W_\=._@%02P

1YME?YIUH@6
M'F.9F'%G;6WZT?-
N
:8FYY*
:$G2Z5C;NE6KSR3:N11;A1++_#]
R_F(NE

MRDLD8DR

M!OW2H)\G6B#+T[KDED]&6FU!N]WDS5WDW.36E(U(W#$NK*:G@NSLY+NR*P/
M)W!KUZCA-D7-K4A6\#4)58S DPBN'JEJ#,+1)5HNI(%[?+09EUTR^[&XA*,/
M7?@ (H$;(24=CAEYEKY%Y8XI@6.((&'R &Y78M8&K)

M6(
JUJ UUKQL
W=V1=RY
E:C%1JI!2U



%@GTI3*J

M$

MN'A;$\

^ []:G[JWA'S4W;DI7C%H0EN)Q(#$);GT


_17P( -:.-++AL*QT3[M*'%$&R;@_#'A2;MH7*DB?)

9Y;B4H)JJ(O+G#)G8
M3;W0.QA6MBU-?A)7),UZ@?ZZ4T.[]GR6B%7%'!06(^]6[#F_G8^CN'+Q1W




):2$TV# _%5*?JU=)-')UMLFTRC/WM


M__N6YFQ[
.MZ<
MY57S[8=UAN!^:82K.@:2P9%5K;_Y*U+Q%X#& XT0%T#I#?P!QK@K@%N.MHR
M:[IU1P293CC; EZC9;3ZH,E-TUKV)BOK87P27-[-9#LQ_94)J //H(GNI3#

MN

M2

M-JP_J*P!NKWAGF\RT1#]3I?2]^M9L'LIV.D0_ M^6*A057_H+O].J4*SG$



:41XW29RNJ9-QT)

]86IU%QDCY7+[B5/&R'2'
:A7NPL
M

#8TW7Q
M+NR0I?(.Y/:.8^6++*L*/]!?ABTH!!$:(*EL!;EMY63Q(M-!$$H2G:V)PD$X
M-/#*9)#;9)Y*





M8$SL3NH']!]RIO\!4$L#!!0    ( 2RU)[%H$& P



M&A(@1-GV



MH('#2R77_@G;VG8X#BMM)%%XVP9%$S4;WK7-%QB)
]#J1Q(

MSP=:
_-AG5%#9Q

-A;R$

4?@$0D




HNCEL).60_(_'!1FS(]&NPOD%4I9G!]GJ
MT:7C#-S_Q*O9(=7/-[':]CR&A[T.. O?Y*+N\188$;5%2D^);#&K6$1@?-




2YX;6RME]]OVC 0
8[J<:UMX6'J)-
M*-2/IMD9 
K$(_9DLF97GD)H@12'M$4

M*'U6DZ_!5#


MY4'4!#+0;H%9LRFP.H1C$K!* ^T(,O#NB6S:,[A%3UM*;&N1GDZME-%&J
MKG$EF'P:29V8?:,$';0)5K&)!7H ;A@6U]L691NY.KQ7


M=3*%T


M
FZ7W#9F1UF6G%X/YZ$NXY


M1C$?AK*7!Z8
Y/

7B@(

!#]E8&0


MSL(DBD8A)[0



M#:F9OA*[+]C4

MR4O 8 ^@WP#ZKEOS)4U(YIDJ10[D#;:L-F!\\:A336TM%]QJ:79I0:GLV]
M(\1G\ &ND!&-.2R(U(]P+4FIB+-:P?$
-:%
P34^Z)JP$Q-^LYS!\=$)' $M

WV'BJ)4Q
\0UDN!)RD3*%0[$VY48 PJE-#%MRQJ:*8LS8SXM
MYI[%?

ZBQG_@4KR.E)\SY=
/6\ +JR^99X
BL

T($O5AF#X
MMP4/DD0C(8]_*UCWE
K-K_WZ'\4QJ
ZT<T5!PZ1D%NU*P6PKHF6X%
MIU)PV@KN&06W4G +SY2F%'Y8
L7F4\%W1&AI1-
?A3


7B1%ZC






G?0LNM49CSLMFI46S7J)5
?18+%A@0\

1U7%-=7S)4='G@ZL(1!_)92^4KKKW


MOU


MX/


.Z&V%;(
H'0SE0?%.TTNNL$O/B-\

$%     @ )(++4N+1.'0S P  [A
   T

M*D

ZZ*^?+PXA4!]C?=CH@B#V?;[O/OLNV# HS5JP^P5C)ECE0I9#
MLCF^!&Y6S!

)5U=)4



%W(TJ0@-
M4;EMI)S.E:25AHU'W;T
R;$/3RGW[
=[E76RED'
B:;IA54-QV-ZP!_F\UQ
MMVFC%_$&!7]4YM/23D=6?2@R=J=9QE=5?Y4U C#V+LY.BT*L/PH^ESESDS\Z




M !


M!U?BMYR)
Y-:=N.9C*-&3JX=F(0D3$A !2';R:\O %4-8!
[O7!UDDG1U!-




C

[6@



MA@L3^' ?$_)*BN&5)'7/HID

8#)\D5BB?]):IHTG
7.@&CH\)


M$FL4.YJU&=Z]5OM:[Y4A]2$AK:086DDJ-_NT+KY=4J6_DWME)B#JQ]\II)ET
M9

M
1E!RDE1E!-)%






PT.OT]]CU/B9DH0+#
M0J\PSVU%V\+XFUT@Y48%AK M
X
%X!*R$(EAH4&
!=LS93RAU )6:C$L-
MYA=1

M^]I.5Y S:9R_3%E%BI1G(1S&4PTB$+E2@%N0CF78 )6:@\V0X$E[O[NQDA

5D7T]86M%IJ/

0
[O9U3/3_<S%Z^?Y_(_$[O-9K\N/[OU[V,YC?\87/_I^O=A5\I8+5[;
M?EO&555_'&Z[A_JZ20^7R=7BY6U5]2]OJ:KG#A((DOF#%()T_B#()L_*$-0







1F




M5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR*A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J%%DUBJP:
M15:#(JM!D=6@R&I09#4HLAH460V*K 9%5H
BJT&1U:+(:E%DM2BR6A19+8JL





M% 



Z


MV<:% @  H 4
M !D              (!'$8  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

BYX;6Q0






M%     @ )(++4BA^0!C-   .10  !D              (!OF4  'AL+W=O


4      D@LM2W!JIOT #  \



M970R


M 2RU)&^LO5)P(  
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ )(++4M46SU\=!   CP@  !D
M             (!2H4  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M% 



MA%

Q+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( 2RU(WCRF#50



4      D@LM2N:'EBH#  #N!@  &0

T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 2

M+W-H965T


4







M='

BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      D@LM2++Y6 7T%  !6&   &0






MIJ/330





2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      D@LM2'3YC4MP#







YX;6Q02P$% 












BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      D@LM2




4      D@LM2M3,I*\   !O!P

M 0(4 Q0    ( 2RU)SP*$O] 


%  #4&0  &0

MRU)[%H$& P



4

4      D@LM2EXJ[',     3 @  P

O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      D@LM2&YHI

M A0#%     @ )(++4C1..WUZ @   #$  !H              ( !CG0! 'AL

 Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Document Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentInformationLineItems,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentInformationTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Container to support the formal attachment of each official or unofficial
 public or private document as part of a submission package.,
        label: Document Information [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentInformationTable,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report
 the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document
 Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r755
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document
 Transition Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document
 Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r750
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.,
        label: Documents Incorporated By Reference Text Block
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity
 Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity
 Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity
 Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity
 Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity
 Common Stock Shares
 Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity
 Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: All the names of the entities being reported upon in a document. Any legal structure used to conduct activities or to hold assets. Some examples of such structures are corporations
 partnerships
 limited liability companies
 grantor trusts
 and other trusts. This item does not include business and geographical segments which are included in the geographical or business segments domains.,
        label: Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-15-legal-proceedings-and-other-contingencies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity
 Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity
 File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity
 Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity
 Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r758
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity
 Interactive Data
 Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity
 Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity
 Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity
 Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r756
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity
 Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity
 Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity
 Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag: {
     auth_ref: [
      r752,
      r753,
      r754
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_LegalEntityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The set of legal entities associated with a report.,
        label: Legal Entity [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LegalEntityAxis,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-15-legal-proceedings-and-other-contingencies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r749
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r751
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    senea_AccountsReceivableVegetableAndFruitProductsSoldMaximumPaymentTerm: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum payment term for accounts receivable related to the sale of the reporting entity's vegetable and fruit products.,
        label: senea_AccountsReceivableVegetableAndFruitProductsSoldMaximumPaymentTerm,
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
 Vegetable and Fruit Products Sold
 Maximum Payment Term (Month)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableVegetableAndFruitProductsSoldMaximumPaymentTerm,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    senea_AccountsReceivableVegetableAndFruitProductsSoldStandardPaymentTerm: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The general payment term for accounts receivable related to the sale of the reporting entity's vegetable and fruit products.,
        label: senea_AccountsReceivableVegetableAndFruitProductsSoldStandardPaymentTerm,
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
 Vegetable and Fruit Products Sold
 Standard Payment Term (Month)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableVegetableAndFruitProductsSoldStandardPaymentTerm,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    senea_AssetsHeldForSalePolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for assets held for sale.,
        label: Assets Held for Sale
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsHeldForSalePolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    senea_CannedVegetablesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information pertaining to canned vegetables.,
        label: Canned Vegetables [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CannedVegetablesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_CharitableContributionsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to charitable contributions.,
        label: Charitable Contributions [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CharitableContributionsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ChipProductsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information relating to chip products.,
        label: Chip Products [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChipProductsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information about closing of plants in Midwest and Northwest.,
        label: Closing of Midwest and Northwest Plants [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClosingOfMidwestAndNorthwestPlantsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_CommonStockClassACustomMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CommonStockClassA Custom [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockClassACustomMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_CommonStockClassBCustomMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: CommonStockClassB Custom [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockClassBCustomMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ConversionOfConvertibleParticipatingPreferredStockToCommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the conversion of convertible participating preferred stock to common stock.,
        label: Conversion of Convertible Participating Preferred Stock to Common Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfConvertibleParticipatingPreferredStockToCommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ConvertibleFromSeriesAPreferredStockToClassAStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the conversion feature of Series A Preferred Stock that is convertible into Class A Stock.,
        label: Convertible from Series A Preferred Stock to Class A Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertibleFromSeriesAPreferredStockToClassAStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ConvertibleFromSeriesBPreferredStockToClassAStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the conversion feature of Series B Preferred Stock that is convertible into Class A Stock.,
        label: Convertible from Series B Preferred Stock to Class A Stock [Member
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertibleFromSeriesBPreferredStockToClassAStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred stock that may be exchanged into common shares or other types of securities at the owner's option and which unpaid dividends accumulate until paid to shareholders.,
        label: Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeConvertiblePreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_CurrentAndNonCurrentPortionOfLongTermDebtMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the current and non-current portion of long term debt.,
        label: Current and Non-Current Portion of Long Term Debt [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentAndNonCurrentPortionOfLongTermDebtMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_CurrentPortionOfLongtermDebtAndLeaseObligationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations.,
        label: Current Portion of Long-term Debt and Lease Obligations [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentPortionOfLongtermDebtAndLeaseObligationsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_DebtAgreementsFinancialCovenantsMinimumEBITDA: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the minimum EBITDA associated with financial covenants under debt agreements.,
        label: senea_DebtAgreementsFinancialCovenantsMinimumEBITDA,
        terseLabel: Debt Agreements
 Financial Covenants
 Minimum EBITDA
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtAgreementsFinancialCovenantsMinimumEBITDA,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantMaximumAmountForAvailableLineOfCreditThatRequiresMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents maximum amount of available line of credit that requires minimum fixed charge coverage ratio.,
        label: senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantMaximumAmountForAvailableLineOfCreditThatRequiresMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio,
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Maximum Amount for Available Line of Credit that Requires Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentCovenantMaximumAmountForAvailableLineOfCreditThatRequiresMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantMaximumPercentageOfCommitmentsForAvailableLineOfCreditThatRequiresMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the maximum percentage of commitments for available line of credit that requires minimum fixed charge coverage ratio.,
        label: senea_DebtInstrumentCovenantMaximumPercentageOfCommitmentsForAvailableLineOfCreditThatRequiresMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio,
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument
 Covenant
 Maximum Percentage of Commitments for Available Line of Credit that Requires Minimum Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentCovenantMaximumPercentageOfCommitmentsForAvailableLineOfCreditThatRequiresMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_DeferredTaxAssetsInterest: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of estimated future tax deductions related to interest.,
        label: senea_DeferredTaxAssetsInterest,
        verboseLabel: Interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInterest,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPension: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from pension.,
        label: Pension
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPension,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateInterestOnServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of interest on service cost for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.,
        label: senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateInterestOnServiceCost,
        verboseLabel: Discount rate - interest on service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRateInterestOnServiceCost,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateInterestCost: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money relating to interest cost.,
        label: senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateInterestCost,
        verboseLabel: Discount rate - interest cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateInterestCost,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The interest rate used to adjust for the time value of money relating to service cost.,
        label: senea_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateServiceCost,
        verboseLabel: Discount rate - service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateServiceCost,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployeeContributionsNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contributions expected to be received by defined benefit plan from employee in next fiscal year following latest fiscal year.,
        label: Expected Employee Contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployeeContributionsNextFiscalYear,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCostIncludingAdministration: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan
 including administration.,
        label: Service cost including administration
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCostIncludingAdministration,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: senea_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionShareAmount,
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Share Amount (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionShareAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionValueOfShares: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan in stock.,
        label: senea_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionValueOfShares,
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Value of Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionValueOfShares,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DiscontinuedOperationConvertiblePreferredDividends: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents added convertible dividends for discontinued operation.,
        label: senea_DiscontinuedOperationConvertiblePreferredDividends,
        terseLabel: Add dividends on convertible preferred stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationConvertiblePreferredDividends,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DiscontinuedOperationPreferredStockDividends: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents preferred stock dividends for discounted operation.,
        label: senea_DiscontinuedOperationPreferredStockDividends,
        terseLabel: Deduct preferred stock dividends
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationPreferredStockDividends,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DiscontinuedOperationSharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardDilutiveEffect: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: senea_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDiscontinuedOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents dilutive effect for issuance under an established share-based compensation plan for discontinued operation .,
        label: senea_DiscontinuedOperationSharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardDilutiveEffect,
        terseLabel: Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationSharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardDilutiveEffect,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of costs of sales and operating expenses
 including interest expense
 attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense,
        totalLabel: Total cost and expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest income(expense) attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestIncomeExpense,
        negatedTerseLabel: Interest Expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRestructuringCharge: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of restructuring charge attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRestructuringCharge,
        terseLabel: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Restructuriing Charge,
        verboseLabel: Plant Restructuring Charge (a)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRestructuringCharge,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenuePercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenuePercent,
        terseLabel: Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue
 Percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenuePercent,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_DisposalOfEquipmentFromSoldNorthwestPlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents disposal of equipment from sold Northwest plant.,
        label: Disposal of Equipment from Sold Northwest Plan [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalOfEquipmentFromSoldNorthwestPlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_DisposalOfEquipmentPreviouslyHeldForSaleMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to disposal of equipment previously held for sale.,
        label: Disposal of Equipment Previously Held for Sale [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalOfEquipmentPreviouslyHeldForSaleMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_DividendsConvertiblePreferredStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate value of convertible preferred stock dividends and other adjustments necessary to derive net income apportioned to common stockholders.,
        label: Add dividends on convertible preferred stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsConvertiblePreferredStockCash,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Notes payable related to economic development.,
        label: Economic Development Note [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EconomicDevelopmentNoteMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_EffectOfLIFOEarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The effect of using the LIFO method on the amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: senea_EffectOfLIFOEarningsPerShareBasic,
        terseLabel: Effect Of LIFO Earnings Per Share Basic (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectOfLIFOEarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    senea_EffectOfLifoEarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The effect of using the LIFO methond on the amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: senea_EffectOfLifoEarningsPerShareDiluted,
        terseLabel: Effect Of LIFO Earnings Per Share Diluted (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectOfLifoEarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to CARES act.,
        label: senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActAmount,
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationLapsesOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitationsAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in tax expense resulting from lapses of applicable statutes of limitations.,
        label: senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationLapsesOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitationsAmount,
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Lapses of Applicable Statute of Limitations
 Amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationLapsesOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitationsAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNetOperatingLossCarrybackRateDifference: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the effective income tax reconciliation net operating loss carryback rate difference.,
        label: senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNetOperatingLossCarrybackRateDifference,
        verboseLabel: Federal NOL carryback rate difference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNetOperatingLossCarrybackRateDifference,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNetOpertaingLossCarrybackRateDifference: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase or decrease in the effective tax rate during the period.,
        label: senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNetOpertaingLossCarrybackRateDifference,
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Continuing Operations Change
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNetOpertaingLossCarrybackRateDifference,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditFederal: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by federal tax credits
 generated or utilized under enacted tax laws during the period.,
        label: senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditFederal,
        verboseLabel: Federal credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditFederal,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxLawChangePercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax law change.,
        label: senea_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxLawChangePercent,
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Law Change
 Percent,
        verboseLabel: Tax law change
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxLawChangePercent,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_EquipmentMovesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information related to equipment moves.,
        label: Equipment Moves [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquipmentMovesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_FinanceLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total sum amount of amortization expense attributable to right-of-use asset from finance lease and the amount of interest expense on finance lease liability.,
        label: senea_FinanceLeaseCost,
        totalLabel: Finance lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_FrozenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to the frozen products.,
        label: Frozen [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FrozenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to fruit and vegetable segment.,
        label: Fruit and Vegetable Segment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FruitAndVegetableSegmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_FruitMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to fruit.,
        label: Fruit [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FruitMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_GainLossOnSaleOfPlant: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale of plant.,
        label: senea_GainLossOnSaleOfPlant,
        terseLabel: Gain (Loss) On Sale of Plant
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPlant,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIncludingDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations and discounting operations.,
        label: senea_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIncludingDiscontinuedOperations,
        totalLabel: Total income taxes (1)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIncludingDiscontinuedOperations,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_IncreaseDecreaseInUnfundedStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase decrease in unfunded status,
        label: senea_IncreaseDecreaseInUnfundedStatus,
        terseLabel: Increase Decrease In Unfunded status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInUnfundedStatus,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToDilutiveEffectOfConversionOfPreferredStockDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: senea_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDiscontinuedOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: AAdditional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method for discontinued operation.,
        label: senea_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToDilutiveEffectOfConversionOfPreferredStockDiscontinuedOperation,
        terseLabel: Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToDilutiveEffectOfConversionOfPreferredStockDiscontinuedOperation,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_InventoryFinishedGoodsFIFO: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale on a FIFO basis.,
        label: senea_InventoryFinishedGoodsFIFO,
        verboseLabel: Finished products
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoodsFIFO,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_InventoryRawMaterialSandSuppliesFIFO: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregated amount of unprocessed materials to be used in manufacturing or production process and supplies that will be consumed on a FIFO basis.,
        label: senea_InventoryRawMaterialSandSuppliesFIFO,
        verboseLabel: Raw materials and supplies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryRawMaterialSandSuppliesFIFO,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_InventoryWorkInProcessFIFO: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed
 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing on a FIFO basis,
        label: senea_InventoryWorkInProcessFIFO,
        verboseLabel: In process
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessFIFO,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_LeaseImpairmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information related to lease impairments.,
        label: Lease Impairments [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseImpairmentsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of operating and finance lease liability.,
        label: Lessee
 Lease Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    senea_LesseeOperatingAndFinanceLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for operating leases and finance leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating and finance lease and maturity analysis of operating and finance lease liability.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating and Finance Leases [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingAndFinanceLeasesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    senea_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringNonproductionPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility during the reporting entity's nonproduction period without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.,
        label: senea_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringNonproductionPeriod,
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Nonproduction Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringNonproductionPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringProductionPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility during the reporting entity's production period without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.,
        label: senea_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringProductionPeriod,
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Production Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityDuringProductionPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_MidwestPlantMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents Midwest plant.,
        label: Midwest Plant [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MidwestPlantMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ModestoFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information pertaining to the Modesto Facility.,
        label: Modesto Facility [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ModestoFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for net periodic benefit cost components
 excluding settlement or curtailment expense.,
        label: senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
        totalLabel: Net periodic benefit cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_NoParValuePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the preferred stock without par value.,
        label: No Par Value Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoParValuePreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_NorthwestPlantMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information related to the plant in the Northwest.,
        label: Northwest Plant [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NorthwestPlantMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_NoteToFinancialStatementDetailsTextual: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note To Financial Statement Details Textual
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoteToFinancialStatementDetailsTextual,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Notes To Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_OtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt not otherwise classified.,
        label: Other [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Participating peferred stock that may be exchanged into common shares or other types of securities at the owner's option.,
        label: Participating Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ParticipatingConvertiblePreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_PaymentsForAmountsIncludedInTheMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilitiesTotal: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount for cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities.,
        label: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForAmountsIncludedInTheMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilitiesTotal,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount of cash payments made (write offs of liability) as the result of exit or disposal activities. Excludes payments associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: senea_PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet,
        negatedLabel: Cash payments/write offs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRestructuringWriteOffsNet,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_PensionTerminationMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information related to pension termination.,
        label: Pension Termination [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionTerminationMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_PercentageOfRevenues: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the percentage of revenues.,
        label: senea_PercentageOfRevenues,
        terseLabel: Percentage of Revenues
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PercentageOfRevenues,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedFixedAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying amount
 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of fixed assets owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement
 and for which the transferee is not permitted to sell or re-pledge them to an unrelated party.,
        label: senea_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedFixedAssets,
        terseLabel: Pledged Assets Not Separately Reported
 Fixed Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedFixedAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_PreferredStockSharesNonDesignated: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares non-designated preferred authorized for issuance.,
        label: senea_PreferredStockSharesNonDesignated,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Shares Non-designated (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesNonDesignated,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_PreparedFoodsBusinessMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information related to the prepared foods business.,
        label: Prepared Foods Business [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreparedFoodsBusinessMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_PreparedFoodsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to prepared foods.,
        label: Prepared Foods [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreparedFoodsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_RelatedPartyFoudationMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents a related party foundation
 a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions.,
        label: Related Party Foudation [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyFoudationMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_RestructuringChargesCreditsNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses (credits against expense) associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: Plant restructuring charge
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringChargesCreditsNet,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_RestructuringChargesExcludingExitCosts: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan
 excluding business exit costs. Excludes expenses associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: senea_RestructuringChargesExcludingExitCosts,
        terseLabel: Charge to expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringChargesExcludingExitCosts,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_RestructuringCreditForReducedLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information related to restructuring credit for reduced lease liability.,
        label: senea_RestructuringCreditForReducedLeaseLiability,
        terseLabel: Restructuring Credit For Reduced Lease Liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCreditForReducedLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_ScheduleOfExpectedContributionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of expected contributions.,
        label: Schedule of Expected Contributions [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfExpectedContributionsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    senea_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    senea_SenecaFoodPlantsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents food plants operated by the Company.,
        label: Seneca Food Plants [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SenecaFoodPlantsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_SenecaFoodsWarehousesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents buildings that warehouse inventory for the Company.,
        label: Seneca Foods Warehouses [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SenecaFoodsWarehousesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2003 series preferred stock that may be exchanged into common shares or other types of securities at the owner's option.,
        label: Series 2003 Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Series2003ConvertiblePreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_ShareForShareConversionNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of perferred stock issued in return for one share of common stock.,
        label: senea_ShareForShareConversionNumber,
        terseLabel: Share for Share Conversion Number (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareForShareConversionNumber,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_SnackSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to snack segment.,
        label: Snack Segment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SnackSegmentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_StockIssuedDuringPeriodProfitSharingBonusPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares issued during the period in lieu of cash compensation as part of the Company's Profit Sharing Bonus Plan.,
        label: senea_StockIssuedDuringPeriodProfitSharingBonusPlan,
        terseLabel: Stock Issued During Period
 Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodProfitSharingBonusPlan,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_TaxExemptBondMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents a tax-exempt bond.,
        label: Tax-exempt Bond [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxExemptBondMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_TermLoanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the term loan.,
        label: Term Loan [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TermLoanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_TermLoanPayableToFarmCreditEastACAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents information related to term loan payable to Farm Credit East ACA.,
        label: Term Loan Payable to Farm Credit East ACA [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TermLoanPayableToFarmCreditEastACAMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_TopTenCustomersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The top ten customers in the period.,
        label: Top Ten Customers [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TopTenCustomersMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsUncertaintyOnTiming: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing.,
        label: senea_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsUncertaintyOnTiming,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Uncertainty on Timing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsUncertaintyOnTiming,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    senea_VegetablesSupplyMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the information pertaining to vegetables supply.,
        label: Vegetables Supply [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VegetablesSupplyMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_VotingRightsPercentageOfVotePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage of a full vote per share granted to shareholders.,
        label: senea_VotingRightsPercentageOfVotePerShare,
        terseLabel: Voting Rights
 Percentage of Vote Per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VotingRightsPercentageOfVotePerShare,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    senea_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: senea_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDiscontinuedOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period related to discontinued operations.,
        label: Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic (in shares),
        terseLabel: Weighted average common shares outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasicDiscontinuedOperations,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU) for discontinued operations.,
        label: senea_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDiscontinuedOperations,
        totalLabel: Total shares for diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDiscontinuedOperations,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    senea_WisconsinDepartmentOfRevenueMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government of the state of Wisconsin.,
        label: Wisconsin Department of Revenue [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WisconsinDepartmentOfRevenueMember,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Earnings Per Share (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Assumptions Used to Measure (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Estimated Future Benefit Payments (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Expected Contributions (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Pension and Post Retirement Plan Adjustments (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Plan Assets (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans - Statement of Unfunded Status (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 10 - Retirement Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 11 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments - Carrying Amount and Estimated Fair Values of Financial Instruments (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 11 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 12 - Inventories - Inventories by Category and Impact of Using LIFO Method (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-12-inventories-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 12 - Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-12-inventories-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 14 - Segment Information - Segment Information (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-14-segment-information-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 14 - Segment Information
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-14-segment-information-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 16 - Plant Restructuring - Restructuring Reserve (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 16 - Plant Restructuring
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 2 - Assets Held For Sale - Assets and Liabilities Held For Sale (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 2 - Assets Held For Sale
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 3 - Discontinued Operations - Asset and Liabilities in Discontinued Operations (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 3 - Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 4 - Revenue Recognition - Segment Revenue Disaggregated by Product Category Groups (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 4 - Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Long-term Debt - Debt Repayment Requirements (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Long-term Debt - Summary of Long-term Debt (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Long-term Debt - Summary of Long-term Debt (Details) (Parentheticals)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 6 - Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 7 - Leases - Lease Expense (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-7-leases-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 7 - Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-7-leases-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 7 - Leases - Undiscounted Future Lease Payments Under Operating Leases and Financial Leases (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 8 - Income Taxes - Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 8 - Income Taxes - Provision of Income Taxes (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 8 - Income Taxes - Reconciliation of Income Tax Rate (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 8 - Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Note 8 - Income Taxes - Uncertain Tax Positions (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (Details)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    senea_statement-statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: statement-statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies,
     nsuri: http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r174,
      r181,
      r187,
      r284,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r547,
      r548,
      r578,
      r581,
      r583,
      r584,
      r773
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (decrease) to financial statements for cumulative-effect adjustment in period of adoption of amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r174,
      r181,
      r187,
      r284,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r547,
      r548,
      r578,
      r581,
      r583,
      r584,
      r773
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by cumulative-effect adjustment to financial statements in period of adoption of amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r174,
      r181,
      r187,
      r284,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r547,
      r548,
      r578,
      r581,
      r583,
      r584,
      r773
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cumulative-effect adjustment to financial statements in period of adoption of amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_DirectorMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r267
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person serving on board of directors.,
        label: Director [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DirectorMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265,
      r424,
      r429,
      r717
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.,
        label: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348,
      r380,
      r500,
      r503,
      r647,
      r648,
      r649,
      r650,
      r651,
      r652,
      r653,
      r714,
      r718,
      r747,
      r748
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.,
        label: Maximum [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348,
      r380,
      r500,
      r503,
      r647,
      r648,
      r649,
      r650,
      r651,
      r652,
      r653,
      r714,
      r718,
      r747,
      r748
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.,
        label: Minimum [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265,
      r424,
      r429,
      r717
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.,
        label: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261,
      r424,
      r427,
      r655,
      r713,
      r715
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service
 or group of similar products and similar services.,
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r261,
      r424,
      r427,
      r655,
      r713,
      r715
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service
 or a group of similar products or similar services.,
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348,
      r380,
      r448,
      r500,
      r503,
      r647,
      r648,
      r649,
      r650,
      r651,
      r652,
      r653,
      r714,
      r718,
      r747,
      r748
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348,
      r380,
      r448,
      r500,
      r503,
      r647,
      r648,
      r649,
      r650,
      r651,
      r652,
      r653,
      r714,
      r718,
      r747,
      r748
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScenarioForecastMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r501,
      r759
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information reported for future period. Excludes information expected to be reported in future period for effect on historical fact.,
        label: Forecast [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioForecastMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r187,
      r501
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario reported
 distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes
 but is not limited to
 pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.,
        label: Scenario [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169,
      r770
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262,
      r263,
      r424,
      r428,
      r716,
      r738,
      r739,
      r740,
      r741,
      r742,
      r743,
      r744,
      r745,
      r746,
      r760,
      r762,
      r763,
      r764,
      r765,
      r766,
      r767,
      r768,
      r769
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.,
        label: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262,
      r263,
      r424,
      r428,
      r716,
      r732,
      r738,
      r739,
      r740,
      r741,
      r742,
      r743,
      r744,
      r745,
      r746,
      r760,
      r761
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.,
        label: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_StatementScenarioAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182,
      r187,
      r329,
      r501,
      r646
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by scenario reported
 distinguishing information from actual fact. Includes
 but is not limited to
 pro forma and forecast. Excludes actual facts.,
        label: Scenario [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementScenarioAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r619
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).,
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39,
      r61,
      r268,
      r269
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $339 and $1
598
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r45,
      r79
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the obligations incurred through that date and payable for employees' services provided. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued payroll
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedSalariesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedVacationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r79,
      r431
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for unused vacation time owed to employees based on the entity's vacation benefit given to its employees. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued vacation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedVacationCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94,
      r101,
      r108,
      r109,
      r110,
      r567
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to defined benefit plans attributable to the parent.,
        label: Accumulated Defined Benefit Plans Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74,
      r299
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.,
        label: Less accumulated depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64,
      r98,
      r100,
      r101,
      r698,
      r726,
      r730
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.,
        label: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97,
      r101,
      r108,
      r109,
      r110,
      r171,
      r172,
      r173,
      r567,
      r721,
      r722,
      r775
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62,
      r512,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of excess of issue price over par or stated value of stock and from other transaction involving stock or stockholder. Includes
 but is not limited to
 additional paid-in capital (APIC) for common and preferred stock.,
        label: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171,
      r172,
      r173,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r583
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForChangeInAccountingPrincipleAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of change in accounting principle. Excludes change from amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Change in Accounting Principle
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForChangeInAccountingPrincipleAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0,
      r1,
      r2,
      r3,
      r4,
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178,
      r187,
      r276,
      r277,
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r284,
      r285,
      r286,
      r333,
      r505,
      r506,
      r507,
      r508,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r512,
      r545,
      r546,
      r547,
      r548,
      r575,
      r576,
      r577,
      r578,
      r579,
      r580,
      r581,
      r582,
      r583,
      r584,
      r585,
      r598,
      r599,
      r600,
      r601,
      r602,
      r603,
      r604,
      r605,
      r635,
      r656,
      r657,
      r658,
      r719,
      r720,
      r721,
      r722,
      r723,
      r724,
      r725,
      r726,
      r727,
      r728,
      r729,
      r730,
      r771,
      r772,
      r773,
      r774,
      r775
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationOtherLongtermIncentivePlansRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement
 classified as other.,
        label: Equity incentive program
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationOtherLongtermIncentivePlansRequisiteServicePeriodRecognition,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operations:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r513
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.,
        label: Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r514
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.,
        label: us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense,
        terseLabel: Advertising Expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r163,
      r164,
      r167,
      r168
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowance for credit loss from right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Allowance
 Credit Loss [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68,
      r271,
      r287
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157,
      r243,
      r250,
      r257,
      r280,
      r334,
      r335,
      r336,
      r337,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r563,
      r569,
      r597,
      r643,
      r645,
      r673,
      r696
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: us-gaap_Assets,
        totalLabel: Total Assets,
        verboseLabel: Identifiable assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40,
      r41,
      r92,
      r157,
      r280,
      r334,
      r335,
      r336,
      r337,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r563,
      r569,
      r597,
      r643,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
        totalLabel: Total Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Current Assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r30,
      r34,
      r296,
      r303
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
        terseLabel: Current Assets Held For Sale,
        totalLabel: Current Assets Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r572,
      r573
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).,
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including
 but not limited to
 office
 production
 storage and distribution facilities and any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 for example
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.,
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43,
      r298
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.,
        label: Buildings and improvements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingsAndImprovementsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CaliforniaFranchiseTaxBoardMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government of the state of California.,
        label: California Franchise Tax Board [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CaliforniaFranchiseTaxBoardMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r145,
      r146
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.,
        label: Property
 plant and equipment purchased on account
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r145
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in lease obligation from new lease.,
        label: Property
 plant and equipment issued under finance and operating leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r593,
      r594
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measured as reported on the statement of financial position (balance sheet).,
        label: Reported Value Measurement [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37,
      r72,
      r141
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash and cash equivalents,
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value
 Ending Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of cash and cash equivalent balance.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r142
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135,
      r141,
      r147
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations,
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135,
      r606
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
        totalLabel: Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ChangeInAccountingPrincipleMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Change in accounting principle. Excludes change from amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Change in Accounting Principle
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChangeInAccountingPrincipleMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154,
      r157,
      r191,
      r195,
      r201,
      r204,
      r208,
      r215,
      r216,
      r217,
      r280,
      r334,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r343,
      r344,
      r378,
      r379,
      r382,
      r386,
      r597,
      r757
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 common stock
 redeemable preferred stock
 nonredeemable preferred stock
 and convertible stock.,
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83,
      r328,
      r679,
      r702
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.,
        label: Commitments and contingencies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325,
      r326,
      r327,
      r330,
      r734
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-15-legal-proceedings-and-other-contingencies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonClassAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock representing ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Class A [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonClassAMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonClassBMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Classification of common stock that has different rights than Common Class A
 representing ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Class B [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonClassBMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate number of common shares reserved for future issuance.,
        label: us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171,
      r172,
      r583
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60,
      r393
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValueOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of all classes of common stock held by shareholders. May be all or portion of the number of common shares authorized. These shares exclude common shares repurchased by the entity and held as treasury shares.,
        label: Common stock
 stock amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValueOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103,
      r105,
      r106,
      r118,
      r685,
      r709
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.,
        label: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Comprehensive income (loss):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225,
      r226,
      r265,
      r595,
      r596,
      r733
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225,
      r226,
      r265,
      r595,
      r596,
      r731,
      r733
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225,
      r226,
      r265,
      r595,
      r596,
      r731,
      r733
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk
 for example
 but not limited to
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220,
      r692
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk
 Credit Risk
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225,
      r226,
      r265,
      r595,
      r596
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.,
        label: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk
 Percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225,
      r226,
      r265,
      r595,
      r596,
      r733
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark
 identifies the type (for example
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender) of the concentration.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149,
      r565
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.,
        label: Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404,
      r406,
      r425
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time
 classified as current.,
        label: Contracts receivable,
        terseLabel: Contract with Customer
 Asset
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerAssetNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r404,
      r405,
      r425
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Deferred revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ContributionOfProperty: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r145,
      r146
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of property contributed in noncash investing and financing activities.,
        label: Investment in CraftAg. LLC via contribution of plant
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ContributionOfProperty,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r145,
      r146
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by description of stock conversions.,
        label: Stock Conversion Description [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfStockByUniqueDescriptionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConversionOfStockNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r145,
      r146
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The unique name of a noncash or part noncash stock conversion.,
        label: Conversion of Stock
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfStockNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r144,
      r145,
      r146
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares converted in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \Part noncash\ refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.,
        label: us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1,
        terseLabel: Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378,
      r379,
      r382
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred stock that may be exchanged into common shares or other types of securities at the owner's option.,
        label: Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58,
      r59,
      r389,
      r394,
      r396
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued for each share of convertible preferred stock that is converted.,
        label: us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion,
        terseLabel: Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConvertiblePreferredStockSharesIssuedUponConversion,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CorporateAndOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component of an entity that provides financial and operational oversight and administrative support for other segments and other segments not separately reported due to size or nature of business activities. Excludes intersegment elimination and reconciling items.,
        label: Corporate and Other [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CorporateAndOtherMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122,
      r655
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.,
        label: Cost of products sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total costs of sales and operating expenses for the period.,
        label: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
        totalLabel: Total costs and expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostsAndExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Costs and expenses:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostsAndExpensesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CumulativePreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred stock upon which unpaid dividends accumulate until paid to shareholders. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Cumulative Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CumulativePreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: senea_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIncludingDiscontinuedOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158,
      r542,
      r551
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158,
      r542,
      r551
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223,
      r265
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues
 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues
 segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.,
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r351,
      r352,
      r353,
      r354,
      r355,
      r356,
      r357,
      r362,
      r369,
      r370,
      r371,
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.,
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52,
      r53,
      r54,
      r156,
      r161,
      r345,
      r346,
      r347,
      r348,
      r349,
      r350,
      r352,
      r358,
      r359,
      r360,
      r361,
      r363,
      r364,
      r365,
      r366,
      r367,
      r368,
      r373,
      r374,
      r375,
      r376,
      r617,
      r674,
      r676,
      r694
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument
 including
 but not limited to
 draws against credit facilities.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r345,
      r373,
      r374,
      r615,
      r617,
      r618
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance.,
        label: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount,
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument
 Face Amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentFaceAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81,
      r156,
      r161,
      r345,
      r346,
      r347,
      r348,
      r349,
      r350,
      r352,
      r358,
      r359,
      r360,
      r361,
      r363,
      r364,
      r365,
      r366,
      r367,
      r368,
      r373,
      r374,
      r375,
      r376,
      r617
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings
 including draws against credit facilities.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the required periodic payments applied to principal.,
        label: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal,
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument
 Periodic Payment
 Principal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r358,
      r614,
      r618
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.,
        label: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount,
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for deferral and amortization of significant deferred charges.,
        label: Deferred Charges
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158,
      r543,
      r551
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: senea_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitIncludingDiscontinuedOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75,
      r358,
      r616
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNet,
        terseLabel: Debt Issuance Costs
 Net
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFinanceCostsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r518,
      r519
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred income tax asset
 net,
        terseLabel: Deferred Income Tax Assets
 Net
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r158,
      r543,
      r551,
      r552,
      r553
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred income tax expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56,
      r57,
      r533,
      r675,
      r693
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r518,
      r519
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet,
        terseLabel: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
 Net
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158,
      r543,
      r551
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from deferred income.,
        label: Prepaid revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsDeferredIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from equity method investments.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsEquityMethodInvestments,
        verboseLabel: Equity investment basis difference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsEquityMethodInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r534
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory,
        terseLabel: Inventory valuation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r536
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
        totalLabel: Net deferred income tax asset
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.,
        label: Net operating loss and other tax attribute carryovers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.,
        label: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from unrealized losses in other comprehensive income.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss,
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r539,
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.,
        label: Future tax credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee benefits
 classified as other.,
        label: Employee benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from compensation and benefits
 classified as other.,
        label: Insurance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from restructuring reserve.,
        label: Restructuring reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r535
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.,
        label: Valuation allowance - non-current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519,
      r536
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
        negatedTotalLabel: Net deferred income tax liability
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets other than goodwill.,
        label: Intangibles
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentInNoncontrolledAffiliates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries and investments in other affiliates which are not controlled nor consolidated.,
        label: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentInNoncontrolledAffiliates,
        verboseLabel: Equity investment basis difference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentInNoncontrolledAffiliates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLeasingArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from leasing arrangements.,
        label: Right of use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLeasingArrangements,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r540,
      r541
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.,
        label: Property basis and depreciation difference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55,
      r432,
      r433,
      r446
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension plan
 classified as noncurrent. Excludes other postretirement benefit plan.,
        label: Pension liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r101,
      r467
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax,
        totalLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive pre-tax loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101,
      r467
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax,
        negatedLabel: Net loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetTransitionAssetsObligationsBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96,
      r101,
      r467
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for transition asset (obligation) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetTransitionAssetsObligationsBeforeTax,
        negatedLabel: Prior service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetTransitionAssetsObligationsBeforeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r443,
      r493
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.,
        label: Actual return on plan assets,
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Increase (Decrease) for Actual Return (Loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss,
        negatedLabel: Actuarial loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r463,
      r488,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit of defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses,
        negatedLabel: Amortization of net loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r464,
      r489,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of prior service cost (credit) recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.,
        label: Prior service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51,
      r432,
      r433,
      r446,
      r493,
      r672,
      r695
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for overfunded defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans.,
        label: Pension assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r469
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate,
        verboseLabel: Discount rate - projected benefit obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease,
        verboseLabel: Rate of compensation increase
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r469
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate,
        verboseLabel: Discount rate - benefit obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471,
      r492
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets,
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Expected Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets,
        verboseLabel: Expected return on plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease,
        verboseLabel: Rate of compensation increase
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation,
        periodEndLabel: Benefit obligation at end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Benefit obligation at beginning of year
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r441,
      r497
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid,
        negatedLabel: Benefit payments and expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationBenefitsPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r449,
      r451,
      r452,
      r453,
      r454,
      r455,
      r456,
      r473,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by defined benefit plan asset investment.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Category [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449,
      r451,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash in which defined benefit plan asset is invested.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Cash [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanCashMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer: {
     auth_ref: [
      r444,
      r449,
      r451,
      r491,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contribution received by defined benefit plan from employer which increases plan assets.,
        label: Employer contributions,
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Contributions by Employer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of (increase) decrease in benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from event reducing expected years of future service of present employees or eliminating accrual of benefits for some or all future services of present employees.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments,
        negatedLabel: Liability gain due to curtailment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt instrument issued by corporation
 government and governmental agency
 municipality
 and other institution; in which defined benefit plan asset is invested.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Debt Security [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanDebtSecurityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Security representing ownership in corporation or other legal entity for which ownership is represented by share of stock
 in which defined benefit plan asset is invested. Includes
 but is not limited to
 common stock
 preferred stock
 convertible security
 stock right and stock warrant.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanEquitySecuritiesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefit for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in five fiscal years after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter,
        verboseLabel: 2027-2031
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefit for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths,
        verboseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefit for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive,
        verboseLabel: 2026
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefit for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour,
        verboseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefit for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree,
        verboseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of benefit for defined benefit plan expected to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo,
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear: {
     auth_ref: [
      r458,
      r494
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of contribution expected to be received by defined benefit plan from employer in next fiscal year following current fiscal year.,
        label: Expected Employer Contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureEmployerContributionsNextFiscalYear,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r462,
      r487,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets,
        negatedLabel: Expected return on plan assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r442,
      r449,
      r451,
      r452,
      r493
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets,
        periodEndLabel: Fair value of plan assets at end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year,
        terseLabel: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Amount
 Ending Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan: {
     auth_ref: [
      r432,
      r446,
      r493
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.,
        label: Funded (Unfunded) Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r434,
      r439,
      r461,
      r486,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: senea_NetPeriodicDefinedBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseExcludingSettlementOrCurtailmentExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost recognized for passage of time related to defined benefit plan.,
        label: Interest cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r459,
      r484,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of net periodic benefit cost (credit) for defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
        totalLabel: Net periodic benefit cost with curtailment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r445,
      r497
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid,
        negatedLabel: Benefit payments and expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.,
        label: Target Allocation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAssetsTargetAllocationPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property composed of building
 land and land improvement; in which defined benefit plan asset is invested.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Real Estate [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanRealEstateMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r435,
      r465,
      r490
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit from settlement and curtailment.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1,
        negatedLabel: Settlement/curtailment expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r437,
      r460,
      r485,
      r493,
      r494
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan.,
        label: Service cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of actual investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.,
        label: Percentage of Plan Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of discretionary contributions made by an employer to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount,
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Depreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r297
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.,
        label: us-gaap_Depreciation,
        terseLabel: Depreciation
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Depreciation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r297
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.,
        label: Depreciation and amortization,
        verboseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of property and equipment costs
 including methods used and estimated useful lives and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.,
        label: Depreciation
 Depletion
 and Amortization [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r424
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.,
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract,
        terseLabel: Notes to Financial Statements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureTextBlockAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-15-legal-proceedings-and-other-contingencies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14,
      r16,
      r18
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of gain (loss) not previously recognized resulting from the disposal of a discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax,
        negatedLabel: Gain on the Sale of Assets Before Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14,
      r15,
      r16,
      r17,
      r18,
      r26,
      r116,
      r706
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.,
        label: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax,
        totalLabel: Earnings From Discontinued Operations Before Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerBasicShare,
        terseLabel: Basic earnings from discontinued operations per common share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerBasicShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.,
        label: Diluted earnings from discontinued operations per share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15,
      r16,
      r17,
      r18,
      r26,
      r31,
      r520,
      r550,
      r557
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.,
        label: Income Tax Expense,
        terseLabel: Discontinued Operation
 Tax Effect of Discontinued Operation
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of by sale and representing a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on operations and financial results.,
        label: Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9,
      r13,
      r30
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components classified as held-for-sale and representing a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on operations and financial results. Includes a business or nonprofit activity on acquisition classified as held-for-sale.,
        label: Discontinued Operations
 Held-for-sale [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20,
      r35
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.,
        label: Discontinued Operations
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by disposal group classification.,
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of
 including but not limited to
 disposal group held-for-sale or disposed of by sale
 disposed of by means other than sale
 and discontinued operations.,
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30,
      r294,
      r305
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal group that is classified as held-for-sale. Excludes disposals classified as discontinued operations.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r296,
      r303
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
        terseLabel: Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r30,
      r34,
      r293,
      r303
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Noncurrent assets held for sale-discontinued operations,
        totalLabel: Noncurrent Assets Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27,
      r34
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold,
        terseLabel: Cost of Product Sold
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: senea_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsAndExpensesIncludingInterestExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
        terseLabel: Selling
 General and Administrative
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherCurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r296,
      r303
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherCurrentAssets,
        terseLabel: Other Current Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherCurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherNoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r293,
      r303
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetsNoncurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherNoncurrentAssets,
        terseLabel: Other Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherNoncurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r296,
      r303
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentCurrent,
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment (net)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipmentCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r27,
      r34
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue,
        terseLabel: Net Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r295,
      r301
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of gain (loss) recognized on the sale or disposal of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal,
        terseLabel: Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r295,
      r301
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax
 of (gain) loss recognized for the (reversal of write-down) write-down to fair value
 less cost to sell
 of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.,
        label: us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown,
        terseLabel: Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Loss (Gain) on Write-down
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r307
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.,
        label: Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r499,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of disposal group.,
        label: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400,
      r690
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.,
        label: Deduct preferred stock dividends
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r400,
      r690
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash.,
        label: us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash,
        negatedTerseLabel: Cash dividends paid on preferred stock,
        terseLabel: Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsPreferredStockCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r182,
      r183,
      r188,
      r191,
      r204,
      r207,
      r208,
      r211,
      r212,
      r584,
      r585,
      r686,
      r710
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic,
        totalLabel: Net Basic Earnings per Common Share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Basic Earnings per Common Share:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r119,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r182,
      r183,
      r191,
      r204,
      r207,
      r208,
      r211,
      r212,
      r584,
      r585,
      r686,
      r710
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted,
        totalLabel: Net Diluted Earnings per Common Share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Diluted Earnings per Common Share:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209,
      r210
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectOfLIFOInventoryLiquidationOnIncome: {
     auth_ref: [
      r290
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The effect of liquidating LIFO (last in first out) inventory layers on income.,
        label: us-gaap_EffectOfLIFOInventoryLiquidationOnIncome,
        terseLabel: Effect of LIFO Inventory Liquidation on Income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectOfLIFOInventoryLiquidationOnIncome,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total,
        totalLabel: Effective income tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159,
      r521,
      r554
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
        verboseLabel: Computed (expected tax rate)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r554
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
        verboseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r554
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other nondeductible expenses.,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther,
        verboseLabel: Other permanent differences not deductible
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r554
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments,
        verboseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r554
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
        verboseLabel: State income taxes (net of federal tax benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521,
      r554
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.,
        label: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies,
        verboseLabel: Addition/(reduction) to uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of an employee associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.,
        label: Employee Severance [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeSeveranceMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r108,
      r109,
      r110,
      r171,
      r172,
      r173,
      r176,
      r184,
      r186,
      r214,
      r284,
      r393,
      r400,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r547,
      r548,
      r583,
      r607,
      r608,
      r609,
      r610,
      r611,
      r612,
      r721,
      r722,
      r723,
      r775
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.,
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents an other than temporary decline in value that has been recognized against an investment accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the investment represents the amount of the write down which is or was reflected in earnings. The written down value is a new cost basis with the adjusted value of the investment becoming its new carrying value subject to the equity accounting method. Evidence of a loss in value might include
 but would not necessarily be limited to
 absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.,
        label: us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment,
        terseLabel: Equity Method Investment
 Other than Temporary Impairment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentOtherThanTemporaryImpairment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r360,
      r373,
      r374,
      r592
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measured as an estimate of fair value.,
        label: Estimate of Fair Value Measurement [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of FIFO (first in first out) inventory present at the reporting date when inventory is also valued using different valuation methods.,
        label: us-gaap_FIFOInventoryAmount,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FIFOInventoryAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586,
      r593
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.,
        label: Fair Value
 by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r360,
      r373,
      r374,
      r586,
      r588
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by measurement basis.,
        label: Measurement Basis [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r587
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.,
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r589,
      r591
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.,
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r622,
      r626,
      r634
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: senea_FinanceLeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest expense on finance lease liability.,
        label: Interest on lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseInterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r624,
      r628
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest paid on finance lease liability.,
        label: Operating cash flows from finance leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r621,
      r633
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.,
        label: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability,
        terseLabel: Present value of minimum lease payments
 financing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r621
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.,
        label: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
        terseLabel: Amount due within one year
 financing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r621
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Financing lease obligations
 less current portion,
        terseLabel: Long-term lease obligation
 financing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.,
        label: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
        totalLabel: Total minimum payment required
 financing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Thereafter
 financing lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year one
 financing lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year five
 financing lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year four
 financing lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year three
 financing lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year two
 financing lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.,
        label: Less interest
 financing
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r623,
      r628
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for principal payment on finance lease.,
        label: Financing cash flows from finance leases,
        negatedLabel: Payments on financing leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r620
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of right-of-use asset from finance lease.,
        label: Right-of-use assets financing
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r622,
      r626,
      r634
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: senea_FinanceLeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization expense attributable to right-of-use asset from finance lease.,
        label: Amortization of right of use asset
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r631,
      r634
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for finance lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Financing leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r630,
      r634
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Financing leases (Year)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r295,
      r301
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.,
        label: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets,
        terseLabel: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets
 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.,
        label: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1,
        negatedLabel: Gain on the sale of assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r568
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend
 lower cost
 or other economic benefit to investor
 owner
 member and participant.,
        label: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness,
        terseLabel: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.,
        label: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment,
        terseLabel: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GeographicConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r733
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that a specified dollar value on the balance sheet or income statement in the period from one or more specified geographic areas is to a corresponding consolidated
 segment
 or product line amount. Risk is the materially adverse effects of economic decline or antagonistic political actions resulting in loss of assets
 sales volume
 labor supply
 or source of materials and supplies in a US state or a specified country
 continent
 or region such as EMEA (Europe
 Middle East
 Africa).,
        label: Geographic Concentration Risk [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GeographicConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121,
      r140,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r182,
      r202,
      r208,
      r561
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the parent.,
        label: Continuing operations earnings,
        totalLabel: Earnings From Continuing Operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114,
      r243,
      r249,
      r253,
      r256,
      r259,
      r671,
      r682,
      r688,
      r711
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.,
        label: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
        totalLabel: Earnings From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r119,
      r175,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r182,
      r191,
      r204,
      r207,
      r585,
      r680,
      r683,
      r686,
      r705
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Basic earnings from continuing operations per common share (in dollars per share),
        terseLabel: Continuing Operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r119,
      r175,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r182,
      r191,
      r204,
      r207,
      r208,
      r585,
      r686,
      r705,
      r708,
      r710
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) derived from continuing operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Diluted earnings from continuing operations per share (in dollars per share),
        terseLabel: Continuing Operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14,
      r15,
      r16,
      r17,
      r18,
      r26,
      r31,
      r562
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.,
        label: Earnings From Discontinued Operations (net of income taxes),
        terseLabel: Discontinued operations earnings,
        totalLabel: Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116,
      r119,
      r195,
      r204,
      r207,
      r686,
      r706,
      r708,
      r710
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare,
        terseLabel: Discontinued Operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195,
      r204,
      r207,
      r571
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.,
        label: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare,
        terseLabel: Discontinued Operations (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115,
      r139,
      r240,
      r279,
      r681,
      r704
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) for proportionate share of equity method investee's income (loss).,
        label: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
        negatedLabel: Loss from equity investment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r499,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of disposal group.,
        label: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302,
      r312
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r312
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.,
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r525
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of taxing authority.,
        label: Income Tax Authority
 Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Named agency
 division or body that levies income taxes
 examines tax returns for compliance
 or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.,
        label: Income Tax Authority
 Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159,
      r522,
      r531,
      r538,
      r549,
      r555,
      r558,
      r559,
      r560
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.,
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160,
      r185,
      r186,
      r241,
      r520,
      r550,
      r556,
      r712
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Income Taxes From Continuing Operations,
        terseLabel: Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 \Leases\
 tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107,
      r516,
      r517,
      r531,
      r532,
      r537,
      r544
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.,
        label: Income taxes paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87,
      r678,
      r703
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.,
        label: Refundable income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.,
        label: Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.,
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
        negatedLabel: Accounts and contracts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings
 net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes
 and in deferred and other tax liabilities and assets.,
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes,
        terseLabel: Income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.,
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Changes in operating assets and liabilities (net of acquisitions):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in current assets classified as other.,
        label: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets,
        negatedLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199,
      r200,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the if-converted method.,
        label: Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToConversionOfPreferredStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r192,
      r193,
      r194,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.,
        label: Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r113,
      r237,
      r613,
      r616,
      r687
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.,
        label: Interest expense
 net of interest income of $42 and $25
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134,
      r136,
      r143
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.,
        label: Interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.,
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which inventory stated at last-in first-out (LIFO) is less than (in excess of) inventory stated at other inventory cost methods.,
        label: us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve,
        verboseLabel: Less excess of FIFO cost over LIFO cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryLIFOReserve,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserveEffectOnIncomeNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the change in the inventory reserve representing the cumulative difference in cost between the first in
 first out and the last in
 first out inventory valuation methods and any LIFO decrement which have been reflected in the statement of income during the period.,
        label: us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserveEffectOnIncomeNet,
        terseLabel: Inventory
 LIFO Reserve
 Effect on Income
 Net
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryLIFOReserveEffectOnIncomeNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r88,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventories,
        totalLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r89,
      r151,
      r213,
      r288,
      r289,
      r291,
      r654
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.,
        label: Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r236
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities.,
        label: Interest income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentIncomeInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Land: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42,
      r73
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.,
        label: Land
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Land,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LandImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to real estate held.,
        label: Land Improvements [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LandImprovementsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r632,
      r634
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.,
        label: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
        totalLabel: Total lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r632
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.,
        label: Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease.,
        label: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
        totalLabel: Total minimum payment required
 operating
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease due after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Thereafter
 operating lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year one
 operating lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year five
 operating lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year four
 operating lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year three
 operating lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Year two
 operating lease
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r633
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Less interest
 operating
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78,
      r157,
      r251,
      r280,
      r334,
      r335,
      r336,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r564,
      r569,
      r570,
      r597,
      r643,
      r644
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.,
        label: us-gaap_Liabilities,
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Liabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67,
      r157,
      r280,
      r597,
      r645,
      r677,
      r700
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
        totalLabel: Total Liabilities and Stockholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80,
      r157,
      r280,
      r334,
      r335,
      r336,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r564,
      r569,
      r570,
      r597,
      r643,
      r644,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
        totalLabel: Total Current Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Current Liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r7,
      r28,
      r30,
      r34,
      r296,
      r303
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Current liabilities held for sale-discontinued operations,
        totalLabel: Current Liabilities Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54,
      r676,
      r694
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.,
        label: us-gaap_LineOfCredit,
        terseLabel: Long-term Line of Credit
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time
 and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term
 depending upon the particulars.,
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r54,
      r359,
      r372,
      r373,
      r374,
      r676,
      r697
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term debt,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as current.,
        label: Current portion of long-term debt and lease obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Less current portion
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue,
        verboseLabel: Long-term debt
 including current portion
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r331,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive,
        verboseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r331,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
        verboseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r331,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive,
        verboseLabel: 2026
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r331,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour,
        verboseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r331,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree,
        verboseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161,
      r331,
      r364
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo,
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term debt
 less current portion,
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r377
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-term debt.,
        label: Long-term Debt [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81,
      r332
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement
 such as notes
 line of credit
 commercial paper
 asset-based financing
 project financing
 letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average interest rate of long-term debt outstanding calculated at point in time.,
        label: Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43,
      r298
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ManufacturedProductOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r427
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Article or substance produced by labor or machinery
 classified as other.,
        label: Manufactured Product
 Other [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ManufacturedProductOtherMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r449
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fund that invests in short-term money-market instruments
 for example
 but not limited to
 commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and other highly liquid securities.,
        label: Money Market Funds [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MoneyMarketFundsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
        totalLabel: Net cash used in financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash flows from financing activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash flows from investing activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135,
      r137,
      r140
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cash flows from operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r34,
      r102,
      r104,
      r110,
      r117,
      r140,
      r157,
      r175,
      r179,
      r180,
      r181,
      r182,
      r185,
      r186,
      r202,
      r243,
      r249,
      r253,
      r256,
      r259,
      r280,
      r334,
      r335,
      r336,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r585,
      r597,
      r684,
      r707
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net earnings,
        terseLabel: Net earnings,
        totalLabel: Net Earnings,
        verboseLabel: Net earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders.,
        label: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
        terseLabel: Earnings attributable to common shareholders,
        totalLabel: Earnings attributable to common shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190,
      r196,
      r197,
      r198,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders.,
        label: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
        totalLabel: Earnings attributable to common stock on a diluted basis
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) from discontinued operations available to common shareholders.,
        label: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
        terseLabel: Earnings attributable to common shareholders,
        totalLabel: Earnings attributable to common shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) from discontinued operations available to common shareholders.,
        label: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
        totalLabel: Earnings attributable to common stock on a diluted basis
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewYorkStateDivisionOfTaxationAndFinanceMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government of the state of New York.,
        label: New York State Division of Taxation and Finance [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewYorkStateDivisionOfTaxationAndFinanceMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonUsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Countries excluding the United States of America (US).,
        label: Non-US [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonUsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Noncash transactions:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NumberOfRealEstateProperties: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of real estate properties owned as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: us-gaap_NumberOfRealEstateProperties,
        terseLabel: Number of Real Estate Properties
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfRealEstateProperties,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.,
        label: us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments,
        terseLabel: Number of Reportable Segments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityOperates: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of states the entity operates in as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: us-gaap_NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityOperates,
        terseLabel: Number of States in which Entity Operates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NumberOfStatesInWhichEntityOperates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101,
      r111
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to parent.,
        label: Other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243,
      r249,
      r253,
      r256,
      r259
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.,
        label: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
        totalLabel: Operating income,
        verboseLabel: Operating income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r627,
      r634
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.,
        label: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r621
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.,
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability,
        terseLabel: Present value of minimum lease payments
 operating
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r621
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.,
        label: us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
        terseLabel: Amount due within one year
 operating
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r621
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Operating lease obligations
 less current portion,
        terseLabel: Long-term lease obligation
 operating
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r625,
      r628
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.,
        label: Operating cash flows from operating leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r620
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.,
        label: Right-of-use assets operating
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r631,
      r634
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Operating leases
 discount rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r630,
      r634
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Operating leases
 lease term (Year)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44,
      r45,
      r46,
      r79
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current assets classified as other.,
        label: Other current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.,
        label: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r98,
      r562,
      r566
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan
 attributable to parent.,
        label: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
        terseLabel: Change in pension and postretirement benefits adjustment (net of tax)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r98,
      r466
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after tax
 of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.,
        label: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax,
        terseLabel: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 after Tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.,
        label: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax,
        terseLabel: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 Tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r98
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).,
        label: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax,
        negatedLabel: Change in pension and postretirement benefits (net of income tax of ($19
528) and $20
312
 respectively)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r99,
      r562
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.,
        label: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax,
        negatedLabel: Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax,
        negatedTerseLabel: Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r572,
      r574
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other current assets.,
        label: Other Current Assets [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherCurrentAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.,
        label: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
        negatedLabel: Other loss (income)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other operating income (expense).,
        label: Other Operating Income (Expense) [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.,
        label: us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet,
        negatedLabel: Other operating income
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseNoncash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense (reversal of expense) for other postretirement benefits. Excludes pension benefits.,
        label: 401(k) match stock contribution
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPostretirementBenefitsExpenseReversalOfExpenseNoncash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherRestructuringMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310,
      r311,
      r320,
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restructuring and related activities classified as other.,
        label: Other Restructuring [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherRestructuringMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.,
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock,
        negatedLabel: Purchase of treasury stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.,
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends,
        negatedLabel: Preferred stock dividends paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDividends,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.,
        label: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
        negatedLabel: Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment,
        verboseLabel: Capital expenditures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost (reversal of cost) for pension and other postretirement benefits.,
        label: us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense,
        terseLabel: Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Cost (Reversal of Cost)
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r450,
      r456,
      r472,
      r474,
      r475,
      r476,
      r477,
      r478,
      r493,
      r495,
      r496,
      r498,
      r504
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for retirement benefits.,
        label: Retirement Benefits [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanAssetCategoriesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r448,
      r449,
      r451,
      r452,
      r453,
      r454,
      r455,
      r456,
      r473,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined benefit plan asset investment.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Category [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanAssetCategoriesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract,
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PolicyTextBlockAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PortionAtFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r590
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes.,
        label: Portion at Fair Value Measurement [Member] [Default]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PortionAtFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredClassAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable preferred class A stock or outstanding convertible preferred class A stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Preferred Class A [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredClassAMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage rate used to calculate dividend payments on preferred stock.,
        label: Preferred stock
 dividend rate,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockDividendRatePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of preferred stock outstanding.,
        label: us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Dividends Per Share
 Declared (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r154,
      r382,
      r394,
      r395
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The per share liquidation preference (or restrictions) of nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) that has a preference in involuntary liquidation considerably in excess of the par or stated value of the shares. The liquidation preference is the difference between the preference in liquidation and the par or stated values of the share.,
        label: us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockLiquidationPreference,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Preferred shares may provide a preferential dividend to the dividend on common stock and may take precedence over common stock in the event of a liquidation. Preferred shares typically represent an ownership interest in the company.,
        label: Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r378
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.,
        label: Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share),
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares),
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r378
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.,
        label: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued
 Total (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.,
        label: Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares),
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Preferred stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValueOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by shareholders
 which is net of related treasury stock. May be all or a portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the preferred shareholders.,
        label: Preferred stock
 stock amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockValueOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.,
        label: Reclassification
 Comparability Adjustment [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents the cash inflow during the period from the sale of a component of the entity.,
        label: us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses
 Net of Cash Divested
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinessesNetOfCashDivested,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130,
      r133
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities classified as other.,
        label: Change in other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSalesOfAssetsInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate cash proceeds received from a combination of transactions that are classified as investing activities in which assets
 which may include one or more investments
 are sold to third-party buyers. This element can be used by entities to aggregate proceeds from all asset sales that are classified as investing activities.,
        label: Proceeds from the sale of assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSalesOfAssetsInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74,
      r300
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307,
      r735,
      r736,
      r737
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73,
      r298
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r50,
      r300,
      r645,
      r689,
      r701
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
        totalLabel: Net property
 plant
 and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Property
 plant
 and equipment:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r298
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.,
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RealEstatePropertiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by ownership of the property.,
        label: Real Estate Property Ownership [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RealEstatePropertiesAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RealEstatePropertiesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents categories of ownership of real estate properties.,
        label: Real Estate Properties [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RealEstatePropertiesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r270,
      r273,
      r274,
      r275
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for receivable. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and financing receivable.,
        label: Receivable [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473,
      r638,
      r639
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction: {
     auth_ref: [
      r638,
      r640
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of transactions with related party during the financial reporting period.,
        label: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction,
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473,
      r638,
      r639,
      r640
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party transaction.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Transaction between related party.,
        label: Related Party Transaction [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r473,
      r638,
      r640,
      r659,
      r660,
      r661,
      r662,
      r663,
      r664,
      r665,
      r666,
      r667,
      r668,
      r669,
      r670
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include
 but not limited to
 affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners
 management
 and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.,
        label: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r636,
      r637,
      r639,
      r641,
      r642
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.,
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt,
        negatedLabel: Payments of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of cash and cash equivalent. Cash is currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsCashAndCashEquivalentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309,
      r311,
      r314,
      r323,
      r324
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.,
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139,
      r308,
      r317,
      r320
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: Restructuring provision,
        terseLabel: Restructuring Charges
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCharges,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310,
      r311,
      r320,
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.,
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r139
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.,
        label: us-gaap_RestructuringCosts,
        terseLabel: Restructuring Costs
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by individual restructuring plan.,
        label: Restructuring Plan [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringPlanAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the individual restructuring plans.,
        label: Restructuring Plan [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringPlanDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r311,
      r318
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.,
        label: us-gaap_RestructuringReserve,
        periodEndLabel: Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestructuringReserve,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63,
      r400,
      r512,
      r645,
      r699,
      r725,
      r730
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r171,
      r172,
      r173,
      r176,
      r184,
      r186,
      r284,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r547,
      r548,
      r583,
      r721,
      r723
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234,
      r235,
      r248,
      r254,
      r255,
      r261,
      r262,
      r265,
      r423,
      r424,
      r655
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.,
        label: Net sales,
        verboseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152,
      r415,
      r416,
      r417,
      r418,
      r419,
      r420,
      r421,
      r422,
      r430
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.,
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r407,
      r408,
      r409,
      r410,
      r411,
      r412,
      r413,
      r414,
      r426,
      r430
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes
 but is not limited to
 disaggregation of revenue
 credit loss recognized from contract with customer
 judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer
 and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.,
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments
 but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.,
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r629,
      r634
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r629,
      r634
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction.,
        label: us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare,
        terseLabel: Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SaleOfStockPricePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r225,
      r265
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income
 when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.,
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r447
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.,
        label: Schedule of Allocation of Plan Assets [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r479
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year
 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.,
        label: Schedule of Amounts in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) to be Recognized over Next Fiscal Year [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r466
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.,
        label: Schedule of Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assumption used to determine benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 discount rate
 rate of compensation increase
 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and interest crediting rate.,
        label: Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period
 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.,
        label: Schedule of Changes in Projected Benefit Obligations [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r544
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.,
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81,
      r161,
      r373,
      r375,
      r394,
      r397,
      r398,
      r399,
      r614,
      r615,
      r618,
      r691
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.,
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r536
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r480,
      r481,
      r482,
      r483,
      r493
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans
 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.,
        label: Schedule of Defined Benefit Plans Disclosures [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7,
      r20,
      r21,
      r22,
      r23,
      r24,
      r25,
      r29,
      r32,
      r33,
      r34,
      r305,
      r306
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.,
        label: Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r457
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of benefits expected to be paid by pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in each of the next five fiscal years and in the aggregate for the five fiscal years thereafter.,
        label: Schedule of Expected Benefit Payments [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47,
      r69,
      r70,
      r71
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of maturity and sinking fund requirement for long-term debt.,
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315,
      r316,
      r319
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.,
        label: Restructuring and Related Costs [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243,
      r246,
      r252,
      r292
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.,
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentContinuingOperationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component of an entity expected to operate in the foreseeable future.,
        label: Continuing Operations [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentContinuingOperationsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8,
      r11,
      r12,
      r13
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of or classified as held-for-sale and representing a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on operations and financial results. Includes a business or nonprofit activity on acquisition classified as held-for-sale.,
        label: Discontinued Operations [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r234,
      r235,
      r236,
      r237,
      r238,
      r239,
      r240,
      r241,
      r242,
      r243,
      r244,
      r245,
      r248,
      r249,
      r250,
      r251,
      r253,
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257,
      r259,
      r265,
      r313,
      r322,
      r713
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses
 including transactions with other components of the same entity.,
        label: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentOperatingActivitiesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operations of an entity including continuing and discontinued operations.,
        label: Operating Activities [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentOperatingActivitiesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r232,
      r233,
      r243,
      r247,
      r253,
      r257,
      r258,
      r259,
      r260,
      r261,
      r264,
      r265,
      r266
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.,
        label: Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.,
        label: Selling
 general
 and administrative expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series A preferred stock or outstanding series A preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeriesAPreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series B preferred stock or outstanding series B preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Series B Preferred Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeriesBPreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148,
      r170
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.,
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Purchased software applications and internally developed software for sale
 licensing or long-term internal use.,
        label: Software and Software Development Costs [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19,
      r230,
      r234,
      r235,
      r236,
      r237,
      r238,
      r239,
      r240,
      r241,
      r242,
      r243,
      r244,
      r245,
      r248,
      r249,
      r250,
      r251,
      r253,
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257,
      r259,
      r265,
      r292,
      r304,
      r313,
      r322,
      r713
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.,
        label: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58,
      r59,
      r60,
      r154,
      r157,
      r191,
      r195,
      r201,
      r204,
      r208,
      r215,
      r216,
      r217,
      r280,
      r334,
      r338,
      r339,
      r340,
      r343,
      r344,
      r378,
      r379,
      r382,
      r386,
      r393,
      r597,
      r757
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.,
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-document-and-entity-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r86,
      r108,
      r109,
      r110,
      r171,
      r172,
      r173,
      r176,
      r184,
      r186,
      r214,
      r284,
      r393,
      r400,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r547,
      r548,
      r583,
      r607,
      r608,
      r609,
      r610,
      r611,
      r612,
      r721,
      r722,
      r723,
      r775
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-15-legal-proceedings-and-other-contingencies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by continuing and discontinuing operations.,
        label: Operating Activities [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r171,
      r172,
      r173,
      r214,
      r655
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-comprehensive-income-loss-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-net-earnings-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-amounts-recognized-in-accumulated-other-comprehensive-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-assumptions-used-to-measure-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-estimated-future-benefit-payments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-expected-contributions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-net-periodic-benefit-cost-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-plan-assets-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-statement-of-unfunded-status-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-carrying-amount-and-estimated-fair-values-of-financial-instruments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-inventories-by-category-and-impact-of-using-lifo-method-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-segment-information-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-15-legal-proceedings-and-other-contingencies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-17-related-party-transactions-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-assets-and-liabilities-held-for-sale-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-asset-and-liabilities-in-discontinued-operations-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-segment-revenue-disaggregated-by-product-category-groups-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-5-revolving-credit-facility-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-debt-repayment-requirements-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-summary-of-longterm-debt-details-parentheticals,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-lease-expense-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-undiscounted-future-lease-payments-under-operating-leases-and-financial-leases-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-deferred-income-tax-assets-and-liabilities-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-provision-of-income-taxes-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-reconciliation-of-income-tax-rate-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of dividends that can be declared or paid without approval of regulatory agency.,
        label: us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval,
        terseLabel: Statutory Accounting Practices
 Statutory Amount Available for Dividend Payments without Regulatory Approval
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86,
      r393,
      r400
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The gross value of stock issued during the period upon the conversion of convertible securities.,
        label: Preferred stock conversion
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeBenefitPlan: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.,
        label: Contribution of 401(k) match
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueEmployeeBenefitPlan,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60,
      r65,
      r66,
      r157,
      r272,
      r280,
      r597,
      r645
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
        periodEndLabel: Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Balance,
        terseLabel: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance,
        totalLabel: Total Stockholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-pension-and-post-retirement-plan-adjustments-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders\u2019 Equity:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155,
      r379,
      r381,
      r382,
      r383,
      r384,
      r385,
      r386,
      r387,
      r388,
      r390,
      r391,
      r392,
      r400,
      r403
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r524,
      r530,
      r532
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.,
        label: Summary of Income Tax Contingencies [Table Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-cash-flows
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: us-gaap_TableTextBlock,
        terseLabel: Notes Tables
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-10-retirement-plans-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-11-fair-value-of-financial-instruments-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-12-inventories-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-14-segment-information-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-2-assets-held-for-sale-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-4-revenue-recognition-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-6-longterm-debt-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-7-leases-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-tables,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-tables
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r539
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.,
        label: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount,
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r535
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation allowance pertaining to the deferred tax asset representing potential future taxable deductions from tax credit carryforwards for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.,
        label: us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardValuationAllowance,
        terseLabel: Tax Credit Carryforward
 Valuation Allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TaxCreditCarryforwardValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85,
      r401
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Treasury Stock [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60,
      r393,
      r400
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury.,
        label: us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired,
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesAcquired,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r85,
      r401,
      r402
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.,
        label: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue,
        negatedLabel: Treasury stock
 at cost,
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock
 Value
 Ending Balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-balance-sheets,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r393,
      r400,
      r401
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the cost method.,
        label: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod,
        negatedLabel: Purchase of treasury stock,
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-9-stockholders-equity-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0,
      r1,
      r2,
      r3,
      r4,
      r175,
      r176,
      r177,
      r178,
      r187,
      r276,
      r277,
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r284,
      r285,
      r286,
      r333,
      r505,
      r506,
      r507,
      r508,
      r509,
      r510,
      r511,
      r512,
      r545,
      r546,
      r547,
      r548,
      r575,
      r576,
      r577,
      r578,
      r579,
      r580,
      r581,
      r582,
      r583,
      r584,
      r585,
      r598,
      r599,
      r600,
      r601,
      r602,
      r603,
      r604,
      r605,
      r635,
      r656,
      r657,
      r658,
      r719,
      r720,
      r721,
      r722,
      r723,
      r724,
      r725,
      r726,
      r727,
      r728,
      r729,
      r730,
      r771,
      r772,
      r773,
      r774,
      r775
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-consolidated-statements-of-stockholders-equity-parentheticals
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310,
      r311,
      r320,
      r321
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.,
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-13-other-operating-income-and-expense-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-details-textual,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-16-plant-restructuring-restructuring-reserve-details,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-3-discontinued-operations-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossAllocationToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203,
      r205,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from continuing operations allocated to participating securities for basic earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under two-class method.,
        label: Earnings attributable to participating preferred shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossAllocationToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from continuing operations
 allocated to common stock and participating securities
 as if earnings had been distributed. Excludes distributed earnings.,
        label: us-gaap_UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossBasic,
        totalLabel: Undistributed earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UndistributedContinuingOperationEarningsLossBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossAllocationToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203,
      r205,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 0.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from discontinued operations allocated to participating securities for basic earnings (loss) per share or per unit calculation under two-class method.,
        label: us-gaap_UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossAllocationToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic,
        terseLabel: Earnings attributable to participating preferred shareholders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossAllocationToParticipatingSecuritiesBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203,
      r206
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsAvailableToCommonShareholdersBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
 allocated to common stock and participating securities
 as if earnings had been distributed. Excludes distributed earnings.,
        label: us-gaap_UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossBasic,
        totalLabel: Undistributed earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UndistributedDiscontinuedOperationEarningsLossBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r515,
      r526
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
        periodEndLabel: Balance as of March 31
,
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions,
        negatedLabel: Reductions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r523
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r523
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Expense
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r528
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions,
        terseLabel: Additions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions,
        terseLabel: Additions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r529
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of applicable statutes of limitations.,
        label: us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations,
        negatedLabel: Lapses in statues of limitations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-8-income-taxes-uncertain-tax-positions-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218,
      r219,
      r221,
      r222,
      r227,
      r228,
      r229
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-significant-accounting-policies-policies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r163,
      r164,
      r167,
      r168
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation allowance of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary difference and carryforward.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r168
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
        periodEndLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts,
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r165
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to cost and expense.,
        label: Charged/(credited) to income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r166
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to accounts other than cost and expense.,
        label: Charged to other accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r167
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: Deductions from reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r163,
      r164,
      r167,
      r168
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162,
      r163,
      r164,
      r167,
      r168
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-schedule-ii-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-valuation-and-qualifying-accounts-details
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VehiclesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment used primarily for road transportation.,
        label: Vehicles [Member]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VehiclesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies,
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-details-textual
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.,
        label: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
        totalLabel: Total shares for diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r188,
      r208
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.,
        label: Weighted average common shares outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.senecafoods.com/20210331/role/statement-note-1-summary-of-significant-accounting-policies-earnings-per-share-details
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 7
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 105,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 105,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721494-107759
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e681-108580
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669686-108580
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e557-108580
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL116659661-227067
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442407-227067
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442411-227067
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721494-107759
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124452729-227067
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124507222&loc=d3e1436-108581
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(13)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868656-224227
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(10)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(12)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(14)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(24)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(25)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721501-107759
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.13),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7(b)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3213-108585
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721503-107759
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3521-108585
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e957-107759
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3044-108585
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4273-108586
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4297-108586
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4304-108586
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4313-108586
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4332-108586
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=SL98516268-108586
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18726-107790
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721523-107759
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(c)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(d)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(e)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(f)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(1)(Note 1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721525-107759
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04(a)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24072-122690
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column B)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C(1))),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C(2))),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C)(2)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column D)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column E)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1012-107759
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 23,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21914-107793
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21930-107793
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21711-107793
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21728-107793
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(4),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22583-107794
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22595-107794
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22644-107794
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22644-107794
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22658-107794
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22663-107794
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.M.Q2),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122038215&loc=d3e31137-122693
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1448-109256
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1377-109256
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1505-109256
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1252-109256
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1707-109256
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 23,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1757-109256
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1500-109256
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1278-109256
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1930-109256
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1930-109256
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1930-109256
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1930-109256
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 105,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 42,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e2029-109256
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 55,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e2626-109256
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 65,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e2793-109256
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 66,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e2814-109256
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1337-109256
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1474-107760
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3630-109257
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125512782&loc=d3e3842-109258
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 52,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125512782&loc=d3e4984-109258
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124437754&loc=d3e543-108305
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125520817&loc=d3e70191-108054
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125520817&loc=d3e70229-108054
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70434-108055
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70478-108055
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721659-107760
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721663-107760
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8657-108599
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8672-108599
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8721-108599
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8721-108599
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721665-107760
  },
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (j),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8813-108599
  },
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8813-108599
  },
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8813-108599
  },
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 26,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8844-108599
  },
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721671-107760
  },
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 31,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8924-108599
  },
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  },
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 34,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8981-108599
  },
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9031-108599
  },
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 42,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9054-108599
  },
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510
  },
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4647-111522
  },
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4428-111522
  },
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4531-111522
  },
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  },
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=d3e5033-111524
  },
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=d3e5074-111524
  },
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122038336&loc=d3e74512-122707
  },
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10133-111534
  },
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10149-111534
  },
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84159169&loc=d3e10178-111534
  },
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124402435&loc=SL124402458-218513
  },
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124402435&loc=SL124402458-218513
  },
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124268079&loc=d3e32787-111569
  },
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237563&loc=d3e33749-111570
  },
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  },
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(3),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(4),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255206&loc=SL82895884-210446
  },
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  },
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  },
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  },
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.F),
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100079-122729
  },
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  },
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 350,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267
  },
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2510-110228
  },
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2599-110228
  },
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2443-110228
  },
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2473-110228
  },
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 105,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  },
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  },
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=SL51724579-110230
  },
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  },
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237686&loc=d3e17752-110868
  },
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  },
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  },
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  },
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  },
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b)(2)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  },
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(1)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(e)),
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  },
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 420,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175745
  },
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123406679&loc=d3e25336-109308
  },
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123406679&loc=d3e25336-109308
  },
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  },
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  },
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721677-107760
  },
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  },
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123465755&loc=d3e1835-112601
  },
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123465755&loc=SL6230698-112601
  },
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359872&loc=SL124427846-239511
  },
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  },
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(ii)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  },
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(A)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  },
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  },
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  },
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(5)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  },
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  },
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  },
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  },
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  },
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  },
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(5)),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  },
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872618&loc=d3e7436-122677
  },
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  },
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611
  },
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611
  },
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611
  },
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611
  },
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611
  },
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122178
  },
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611
  },
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1E,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  },
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1E,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  },
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1E,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  },
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1E,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  },
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  },
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  },
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  },
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  },
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1I,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611
  },
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1I,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611
  },
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1I,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611
  },
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466204&loc=SL6031897-161870
  },
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 69B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495735-112612
  },
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 69C,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495737-112612
  },
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 69E,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495743-112612
  },
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 69F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495745-112612
  },
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  },
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  },
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496171-112644
  },
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496171-112644
  },
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496171-112644
  },
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496180-112644
  },
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496180-112644
  },
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496189-112644
  },
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496189-112644
  },
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496189-112644
  },
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21475-112644
  },
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21484-112644
  },
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21506-112644
  },
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21506-112644
  },
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21521-112644
  },
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21538-112644
  },
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 105,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  },
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  },
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  },
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  },
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123360276&loc=SL49130531-203044
  },
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123360276&loc=SL49130532-203044
  },
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123360276&loc=SL49130533-203044
  },
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130551-203045
  },
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130554-203045
  },
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130554-203045
  },
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6801-107765
  },
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130554-203045
  },
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130554-203045
  },
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130554-203045
  },
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130556-203045
  },
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130558-203045
  },
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130561-203045
  },
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130563-203045
  },
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130563-203045
  },
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130564-203045
  },
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  },
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6812-107765
  },
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  },
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  },
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  },
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130543-203045
  },
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130549-203045
  },
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130550-203045
  },
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410239&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410239&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410239&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6812-107765
  },
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  },
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 710,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409733&loc=d3e19396-108361
  },
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=d3e1703-114919
  },
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=d3e1731-114919
  },
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=SL108413299-114919
  },
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123453770&loc=SL108413299-114919
  },
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(10),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6911-107765
  },
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6935-107765
  },
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iii),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(A),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(B),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(C),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(03),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e7018-107765
  },
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (j),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  },
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (l),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (n),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (o),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (p),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (q),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (r)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (r)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (s),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2410-114920
  },
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2417-114920
  },
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2439-114920
  },
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e2919-114920
  },
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123450688&loc=d3e4179-114921
  },
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123450688&loc=d3e4587-114921
  },
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=21916913&loc=d3e273930-122802
  },
  r496: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 60,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39689-114964
  },
  r497: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 60,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39716-114964
  },
  r498: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 70,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  },
  r499: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947
  },
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429488&loc=d3e326-107755
  },
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r500: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  },
  r501: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (f)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  },
  r502: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947
  },
  r503: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948
  },
  r504: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  },
  r505: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r506: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r507: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r508: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r509: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(17)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r510: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r511: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r512: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r513: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r514: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r515: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=SL37586934-109318
  },
  r516: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r517: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r518: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e31917-109318
  },
  r519: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e31931-109318
  },
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r520: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32672-109319
  },
  r521: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32687-109319
  },
  r522: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32705-109319
  },
  r523: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r524: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r525: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r526: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r527: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r528: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r529: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r530: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r531: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r532: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r533: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r534: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r535: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r536: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r537: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r538: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32857-109319
  },
  r539: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32559-109319
  },
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r540: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32621-109319
  },
  r541: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32632-109319
  },
  r542: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r543: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r544: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r545: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  },
  r546: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  },
  r547: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  },
  r548: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(3),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  },
  r549: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(24)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r550: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r551: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r552: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r553: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r554: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r555: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.C),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330215-122817
  },
  r556: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r557: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r558: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 270,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424409&loc=d3e44925-109338
  },
  r559: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  },
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r560: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  },
  r561: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123454820&loc=SL4613673-111683
  },
  r562: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123454820&loc=SL4569616-111683
  },
  r563: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  },
  r564: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  },
  r565: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  },
  r566: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r567: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)
(3),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  },
  r568: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4582445-111684
  },
  r569: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685
  },
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r570: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685
  },
  r571: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.E),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398118&loc=d3e355146-122828
  },
  r572: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959
  },
  r573: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959
  },
  r574: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 182,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123421605&loc=SL5629052-113961
  },
  r575: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r576: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r577: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r578: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r579: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r580: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r581: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r582: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (e)(2),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r583: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (e)(3),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r584: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (e)(4),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r585: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  },
  r586: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r587: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19207-110258
  },
  r588: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=SL6742756-110258
  },
  r589: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 60,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  },
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r590: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594809&loc=d3e13220-108610
  },
  r591: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13279-108611
  },
  r592: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13433-108611
  },
  r593: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13467-108611
  },
  r594: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13476-108611
  },
  r595: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13531-108611
  },
  r596: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13537-108611
  },
  r597: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123596393&loc=d3e14064-108612
  },
  r598: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL120254526-165497
  },
  r599: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL120254526-165497
  },
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1107-107759
  },
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r600: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  },
  r601: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  },
  r602: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  },
  r603: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  },
  r604: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL122642865-165497
  },
  r605: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL122642865-165497
  },
  r606: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123444420&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r607: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900
  },
  r608: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r609: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r610: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r611: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r612: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  },
  r613: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  },
  r614: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28541-108399
  },
  r615: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28551-108399
  },
  r616: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28555-108399
  },
  r617: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429444&loc=SL124452920-239629
  },
  r618: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  },
  r619: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123341672&loc=SL77916155-209984
  },
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r620: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r621: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r622: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918638-209977
  },
  r623: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r624: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r625: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r626: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r627: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r628: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r629: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r630: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r631: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r632: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r633: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918701-209980
  },
  r634: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 53,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123414884&loc=SL77918982-209971
  },
  r635: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 848,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122150657&loc=SL122150809-237846
  },
  r636: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r637: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r638: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r639: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  },
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r640: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  },
  r641: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  },
  r642: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  },
  r643: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 852,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433192&loc=SL2890621-112765
  },
  r644: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 852,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433192&loc=SL2890621-112765
  },
  r645: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 852,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84165509&loc=d3e56426-112766
  },
  r646: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314020-165662
  },
  r647: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r648: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r649: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r650: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r651: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r652: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r653: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 910,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123353855&loc=SL119991595-234733
  },
  r654: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 330,
   Topic: 912,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6471895&loc=d3e55923-109411
  },
  r655: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.L),
   Topic: 924,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856
  },
  r656: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 926,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  },
  r657: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 926,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  },
  r658: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 926,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  },
  r659: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r660: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61929-109447
  },
  r661: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r662: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62059-109447
  },
  r663: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r664: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62395-109447
  },
  r665: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r666: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 33,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62479-109447
  },
  r667: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r668: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 35A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=SL6807758-109447
  },
  r669: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r670: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 932,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61872-109447
  },
  r671: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 940,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123384075&loc=d3e41242-110953
  },
  r672: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(10)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r673: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r674: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r675: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r676: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r677: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r678: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r679: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r680: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r681: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(13)(f)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r682: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(15)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r683: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(20)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r684: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r685: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(26)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r686: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(27)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r687: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r688: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-05(b)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399901&loc=d3e537907-122884
  },
  r689: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429447&loc=SL124453093-239630
  },
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r690: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 405,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817
  },
  r691: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 470,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123599511&loc=d3e64711-112823
  },
  r692: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123345438&loc=d3e61044-112788
  },
  r693: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r694: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r695: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(10)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r696: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r697: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r698: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r699: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721533-107759
  },
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r700: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r701: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r702: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r703: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.5(c)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r704: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(10)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r705: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(11)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r706: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r707: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r708: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r709: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(22)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r710: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(23)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r711: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r712: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(9)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r713: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  },
  r714: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124506351&loc=SL117782755-158439
  },
  r715: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r716: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r717: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r718: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 29F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117819544-158441
  },
  r719: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r720: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r721: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r722: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r723: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r724: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r725: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(i),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r726: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(ii),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r727: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iii),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r728: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iv),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r729: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r730: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r731: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123600520&loc=SL75241803-196195
  },
  r732: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4)),
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402547&loc=d3e617274-123014
  },
  r733: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123364037&loc=d3e3115-115594
  },
  r734: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 440,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491277&loc=d3e6429-115629
  },
  r735: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 958,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99779-112916
  },
  r736: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Topic: 958,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99893-112916
  },
  r737: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Topic: 958,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=SL120174063-112916
  },
  r738: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column B)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r739: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column C)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r740: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column D)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r741: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column E)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r742: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column F)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r743: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column G)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r744: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column H)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r745: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column I)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r746: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r747: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 976,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6497875&loc=d3e22274-108663
  },
  r748: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 978,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123360121&loc=d3e27327-108691
  },
  r749: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r750: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-23
  },
  r751: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r752: {
   Name: Form 10-K,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 310
  },
  r753: {
   Name: Form 20-F,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 220,
   Subsection: f
  },
  r754: {
   Name: Form 40-F,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 240,
   Subsection: f
  },
  r755: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13,
   Subsection: a-1
  },
  r756: {
   Name: Regulation 12B,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-2
  },
  r757: {
   Name: Regulation S-K (SK),
   Number: 229,
   Paragraph: (a),
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 1402
  },
  r758: {
   Name: Regulation S-T,
   Number: 232,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 405
  },
  r759: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 11,
   Subsection: 03
  },
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r760: {
   Footnote: 2,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r761: {
   Footnote: 4,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 29
  },
  r762: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column B,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r763: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column C,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r764: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column D,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r765: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column E,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r766: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column F,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r767: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column G,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r768: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column H,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r769: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Paragraph: Column I,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19
20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r770: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 09
  },
  r771: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 848
  },
  r772: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 848
  },
  r773: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 848
  },
  r774: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)(iii)(01),
   Topic: 848
  },
  r775: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)(iii)(03),
   Topic: 848
  },
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721491-107759
  },
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29
30),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721494-107759
  },
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  },
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i)
(j)


^FGY
_



5?$U-F0_/0?





MJM%/LZ'IAD[@+5NR_#$U.K#T#6/33%[''^CA!8'-%-6
1ZW FY/M% ? S^_Q


^-:LN89L*;QP_49AO5JAQJP@-FXJJ_
$8]5I#
M.!\,X7?]0X-%@;NAX.CCY:XU3-9PI_:# 9U7(?C;^+^$)?$/?E16!9WCOZ&

M.CLP'(;2K;C@\(MSR_U@ @CZXHL\\PG@??'!B^R7=K0-#6H9?#\4'#KA

B1=R4-@;+:[]




UB[&]
5






T@*F
K5GHLH
M'850X+
S7KM;W\SZ)]XG%:EIS@HP3 ^1^\1)/;I;

M

1M:H!0)MR/2L$;![


/Z'+$SE-0WQ$D_*[/Z
$Y@V8$PQ91AO%E$M*S8



*NI?_R Y+



M@?5P^G?]-PZW.#9NO





+ZXIRRJ0B870CK82M2$2\]B@!,N.S&5
M52'9NFW
O@UK+6'84@X]IP%HFXESQ@PN'6)^8YV
FQ$)3
!BKW9'OP
&[I



LF9_<E'I/WPWEJ'.XK




MH]?!1Z@7B2AEI%,2FY3.G9?R;:LB6DI2J4H[:TH[:[%:VR*F#\^=BS\#]8E
MW +%=7G%-]?ALV_ %#PX#QTK[UR]%)8I[(ARKT;D0K-2H+E
TA;*F$G#.(
MDU^-.0^^NHG[1F6A5NAYL+YCW^=YCZR6 1*3:QE$^R%A#Q)
0^98WUU'_?'#


MH358-LBE)LL#LQ5.H[T$LQ5;LS7ZU09
/DA^/!/^U/69_=ESPRE5 P)-$WE_





WTM7O.O(D


IS17 O]3]N%6H=V

MWV*PYH4

!B['JSD.YOH Y.V&+F@K-BY

CTIV
M=ZQSX: 4[#]--X.T
 3^@]HZ^
(YP]


[+ JMI=RN!BOW
KLF

]

T5[!4


MUG




M L@W+GFF= ?4PK




X3ONW:H.
]Q*;1<

MAQZ$KG@

<APD
82YQFRT+=TR.$

=


MK%U&'674L?=

9/3XSVGZF=


)#

I$Q[I8&6$7@'?9#7DD1R4C9.G&YZ2;;?&ME'+K6_N+2^9%O@G

MGGQ;-AM[3\@7$

R@.G+=


MR'

YU6KVN]5ALV<
MQ5B_.K3:W6J_V^SUS1X VNEG4:P1 =;
)V##?J


MN3ST45(


MK8_A^G(
)]E+KW
A)ZA
M6]I)8=Q+L%;R%TQ[!3ZER0P0!09Z@UGN3&FGGL+ILA#UI\R\R=(DP7^?A
M&E R;J-2XHIQ)X*Q 9&L*DAFV&[)E:4&<$8[
_-V T#^





=OY!]##_[T 2]

-)$T@F9A'^H&%_%

.V!5_X[70

!5]]\=GC /KOS+;Y3'XGM=ZGXS/YYQ*L
M2MQELT.

MMH$7DO0
7-![KH7I5L ]N%6^K

7QZ%/PD
M6)T!I@8L

6!(H]4 A ':?$F-.V!/9!!!
M6J^HF#JCHVP* ^B35U)ZRX3_@D23U@=6-O\
A2_]*# @3 L(CJ 









;(J##LD


M

M#CJX[R2TZ/]2]!3'6
RE#&+P(B7@+9+LBB(?7OPWKO/VDYIQX;





]#.[.G%[U_.JHV!\0-PR2?/QP=A*5/@I7((?@3[B=K RPQBYZ0)\
M1_*P@'#3)!G9P9XBO!_2_J%%%1JTX3




M-Y@*; D#/S B@27Y@'Q%N1N



2MS*D_/7@

/-C7=^?1D-F-QCQ904
M]SX8B4G4^ZD!QJ
J^&/ZE_F?3


M'OL?*GR!10Q!8$_&3I6-?W3@?$^UG_.

MINT*GZ
1Q8B:2K\H]C
]S.
8TF50L;$*;'UT9-%HVZ


5!E4+CFR]P()=G43DXB
!AS9@-QB/;2

70SF5.H-? C@''*-1Y07QE%C3ABQ6]?3FX/*WW;UM8.*
M%4&'C-T[S$Y@



M&7:;)#7\%7W1I7DTLJ=5I(XE?928:6*QUL%*RLZI.#.Q/QW'6_.FL[*)\=)I
M*N 7'94OXTQS/D
:*;7*^KQ)*\&GH^2K4F
UXQ]2Y4D!0B@GM ^3G9J
!$PM


MI+.!V\M^J'9J@:# A7+QKO=SY'HF

G


/^HVQ7T@





PQ!Z;S$XK_//


M&+^9U*^DZ&7(HA-DG'FDI 



1(G8*TZXP^B.





M'&/R)


6D@/%D$8D7%[K2?R@*]


MKR
^L*.C2_\





M93Z&H
98XL0/]H\)$1L9AED:W\3YMAJHA=6F'@]!T%ZHI!H2Z$8AUYR9MK2V



M9:#W@=%H2FPK5MI3TL[[DUKA%-N#S(S5/-0
(7+N;(HGFVT9T] )93_R#%0-

]YF3VE?V%U--0ZC7UT+/+7)A



WRO+U

MEB\


M(7D:+\)'[^AOQ0K5=A#;2#OC?:N!%XMLCW(FRB__8))&S?T\5:=R\B.]L4

O/$%0PCWOSGSYEKARPW9P]VS
M3



MR
MH]6MU!ME]BT?

T !WOI^W#@#Y(
?K8(!ZMS)HYLT$

M&/])Q&\B_OCC]
M*IR?
9XD;ZV+K
2G;+=^@=G7E#W%H_
@+_#^5H.)[H/S T-]8PZ[X1-@S?^-
M+K _$[X9^KYP';J__MAA]LP7ON&.C'/A





$?A@!GXHVK=##_^#59L8=\PW;
MO8.X$SZ8[F3*/&[1 2;#\L0M=PSA&/!E8 QG\-'T.//A :H&-CSB*1QKY+D3



&^5F&Y9HA0NH3Y'^&\*X(
M@+RW\!
+&#SO&9GZ)\6KB+GXE.#+N6X2!NE
8GW.E?X,?9YUTEH/B7#
MN'&PLOV!H_M<NUNYSG6=F&/-W^7IE2?9N 41GFE7<P&UN\]#@##^M_4P
M\

M;.#G*




MW11XEC1-TW3;-9PE5?- U5)2BT?3G$AJ_@/S?/HK?U#Y






\#B*8PC N


M YJN@QXSETT

X9AB2FT89[*9(*SO32/&2

*SINMCFT(W *: /]_4:\T(XW+X
?C!QI!S1_;Y


MG6
B]S?FF6

X(
MNT_ZH6ER;B689


W?9=*#?S$?3@29=Z%2 ?


M +;




M [&O=%APV'^Q(&^-D6'



M



R*XX+0&);?




NOAI&
M?M.)JJ;2%5%XFW$(K&T(O+\V@Q]A))&2

4&ZXW7#4E^2


MG-9CG':[B:7-X70DKV+/0&L]@=9#0FLC670
]GH8J@O/;67'
M3 ]JW12D



7*6




TKY@8LCF!#M& 9H$JY#*OU[_C


2
M&

.0D;:G)M;@SN4@LQN83(*M84_M1G
ZOI3D=L
MC.O#-++'U0[?_$ Q+@\4 KVR
!SJ7SA_1JJ5B^$J%IDL4%$6+C6$9YN@'P
M(0*M@5=P:EKJ9:A#OT +S/'1!JD-(F;[ZB[G$;(H1(UXPI\9)M/8B8#5]H6


MB8M0I;EPP1#S(@I!:J_&*Y)C5P..U*1T58*Q7GX%3@J,B$4S34!9L7Y@-!


^GEB#VF2G#0?;

M8%04PRVUTPW@J%D**FX0&UP

MJ4R)N#/:X*9F+8[#I9=$2AD'MRDKQBN#6Q4
?1#674UI#R.?0V5[*H1&J5
M.+



2##(BF*U89@

M0'PNBZ]
!S)@3V3D%RYIN!8X3:J(2 XE3%)^D. VG%BFT8:D


'4<):*:PIJ25$%$*60[763.4#CB(HP<
-8AL7PE0/S

3$YHBHFZ3AF.15 FIO;JBY'L
]'HSZ'M9^RGS
M3L=7IT:OT9&J*?D0+ 0DP


R+8L[N^P&

M97/
[TK=*C?0BXK0

MDH

M_5V(?+Y2E1;!+

MEHFF3-RDCM+25C./SSGZ^C@S1,5_J5??6A%H\5@=MXC@G? HM?5%B\Y)RQ
M/XZ3WRAAMQBC!/.IRO:@UI@+

=


(
MM@*S

J#5;*B
M;0W6 1U?@1![VX3DG7

M?


M2T82IT^0 

;Z2\0MOZBSA

M)

M61_?XTM'+WV9V;/ ?YUR#65DK#;J_41T.YQ%1T5









FVB\:73C
MX;%+#!8)Z3.[\5.#N$VB;!=CXA;'XG/U9'^!]






G*FPLLS




#'#8S./J5)F%


M\T\:FB# ?A?

M$3/

0NPE[H%R#D-2XA F.%8
)E1+
M+6RS KG7NG#:7A




M@'7

-MWDSA*O-E(K Q' #R$



M5;3#8XG1)64#+&D(
OQ*7DF
SS9OC


)J3UV'



MIO.ATYMNI]8U


HWX[M;HU^KC7:%K!%XV<0 DJ/:'R[CS


'5IU

MIF:!T1S+5Y[V G46N9R9\(5



M.H&0PQ/; 
#H/I .%F

4^2MMBC7&H:
EKKG<T3A6+BSX*<#=T6'B)+UQB
M2#TY-

1%D5

P.[8RP&-QA'$%;H7[+DR)[U$;?$J



MUXWS[_ CQ&DWX_E$3;-9

M9/^1!4-O':O_ZHQRXO*QFE SVH-II(3!\4K@U#27K&PD2N6R*CA?82;#0(
M+/P8;]2;?JMLF).78  FA_(,=6[_=$L#'-)8,^ V1CN,0#1@#G5'!+!7Q:





@+PVN0%JBH*_4\[=')




%O-

7.;-'
@.EFO;#*N:9&R.



VF*A5'





LIV'[6-BSMC*JCQ'[MYV^]6

MF%

;)3]R/Q?HU+OYL3=SQ'+

MB




;'1A<VWY6]%^


M.\R?

2&JV.^C$KP!Q
G/[A'%F[S

OW\\/CAJM6E[NT
F1KUMR
W)S/Z.H]\$
QDZYN5/+

MSBCW9)EW0([K[:Q]5HCEPYC7FQL&;HNI/:PPN!]%YI;G.EGS+JKA]M;C7-

.*3QI=U+9S:?MMO=R
M&0R6_+Q[?G[

M 2''Y+:M#ME'?_M39NJ_-[19*[+9=6D'816P#(*$/L



!%EJ564@P-

7/W?YY;_]XW7/T=\X!7#
MM)D/[/[C\\F_#N8Y&BF4(=[J&Y)L^DI3





M;AB-:F_D[1?',9NZ -PQ.6:]O
2W:O?8317.GQQ+IH8QE7&A!L_36^FFTO
M'VUSYO4;:3#A6-PA*WM/60GI\3V8+WGV!




098A
94+4_5R
5582US*]I?.O)I?L_KUJW/'

]8\HM?,M]K$- QB?PI WSN[^/!+8Z!V
MFOV/7W[#+US0)_V2Y<M]-75%N9AT6^JBDN\&0'$OA#K?7_SNN1PH8(89!'#
MA08)PX6V%O9W_H2X


^K














M84 Q6ZI)%8P:1LB4SZ;'X(MM5!1\CV(E)Q+4*T7

MI2&TI_8Z@D27I55BB7EXH^%TW?:ZZ[9 'K6$#NQ#%^E/_B)YF;Z-MG%XV&
MVNT*



M8_3:25


V=+5$29E-]
MU_V^D(YK:9D5*?AFV.P#4.J




!5N\)8C +A)33!67NM)\0=EL] 5
M0D[8%=_2%$\:\6B#_;SJ+Y:B24@NT

MG_ES@(K'9_OLHMT$? KB@)#6TZ[RZM:T-5N7\NJ ^$'N9!]VUJ10:=48J$TY
ME%NB






H(@


I94%$+F.K
MB)2N7NY$C@ _WRA\GK2W*)_).TVO+P=5GV@RY.%13NYLDYR4([C[XBC2(8^O
MU$&6.)QXTG8_=SY
!#JYI'FKU5 [+4':WQPM*

M('G

]1IF3;YYI-I[:7Y4L-WP#T\$5/^RIE.31\CO6S:(^N5
M\4QL/93ZWDRS@S77/*+7S+?:Q#0


QUQY:B1PQ:

VU%9_T7
MI1BJF/ 'N:.TBT.]AS/]9O..FODZZO353EW(#$^)RDI0F3LH6C J6WU!FKY)


$1[JC/CIHJ(V!
.*
M/@J D!,&8^Y.! 6!L0]BJ%

M%Z)8CB?+

MU+L]P?B$A&PUD
W=3Z!TR+8CD.T-U&93F!YPQ8@V:5S1%3X07\/&% K17-NT








)LLT?B$LUM BM3N/'R
MOW7Z3Y)=PS\Z4WY+VO]_7?O/QYD$;O_='?UW;3_7&P4 U?6S4KBP;'364%[
M1AF1T(

M72XM+
I-VEFXR9?1Q564!SZ&G$]QQLJ5YDV46\MY];[\-KI(88([O%A$VA=Y


9BJG2VXR]94RWD:2.\G_&JR!
PM198Y%N5)IFT0F\K-
MMU3BM&YLMG)%3)FI0PW5JSX;L?9MCJ[.(_1'




MCB@)XEP@;J^N#%8@#A3_'9'$&,R9%-MM=;D0HJ$8:FUEY*C/33^F'N\0[_O
M*X!2.JF17#

K]6=

V!RYB*:IDT=V-_Z!].0/W/^DBA^GUUZMT-/[HT0]M8Q@Y^'R9\: Z

M


_GO23BJM1-YH%2
'8H5]-8 $Y!\@W^FM&





M\JVT%O?H5YUI[^AL4!5-U]TY
8*R;E@*NEP=*D(C\20I/X7E- D98 4Z7.\9
M4+9!$-*9C8CE9G1QVTA

M.6:#EBG[EYZ9F_Z7O8YB!ET(

RIK89@:1YEC:?+X:408_Y<(7\^/*5--&UL





]#W*B*_DD!$.642SOC4!J
+XH]KLB!9^.A50

MVH


=-JC^+
C_BX+JY]EUR=Q.4@1;1-OZ7&3[WC6]ZX))S_3K  /



Q'




PYB1;_DJVI:@.H4D%1TK00E1
M8&+/C

MB'RM?5%=OZT.6H*YT/:HC
@.OV)J;J*I9$S_

M S;'? &M&5@+ %)ITB$N*0/^/_;A8'_D \WS5UGQCXP= VXG^(7'D/[^$8

M.9$T]A..N_!&#4GR655&!ZWT8GBC)5WHKDRYG+DEEL:\UO*$C3WP_%WG9M

MB&

)81$A
M7

BE(TZ\Q\WK&I*?GS8D!2#2(RWOS
M$'J)PU+BY)@4X;E-0H?0'$7A
]/7+#ICXFX$SV;9D-]L?8Y]'G.QG9;::\OI

2C4/ATWV1Y-S4
M9
HA9X.NRP:.(--T';9][P:I
MR/42!2_M



@G6Z'G^';J]0
V/?6EE8040(?.+#W7T'29BV8M!\4*YX
$LUM EM3N%'TOW7Z3Y*]Q#\Z4WY+


M'
=


M)$E6DJQ4K27SV)9YW+MD3#!SYP@9B




M0^IKYH?O_Y#WAC )YBQ@;N0&

3RB6.YF1O+B\1N3/3X




MEI N$=+MBIU($MX2WB7NU.);TF6H*Z1% 7$G
MR.4DH2ZAON

M!&CSN*)R #O5
=5LB8+JCS(9J3A_%
.;8MHX(10XIS)SG6=7FTH/5


M2/]CQ6RID

@_]*L.;F9SBSGG9!+8I.QZ2._.0IN

M9!
8B?(J4%Y


M.K0DMB6V]X'M8C(
\KNS)



M!B0-5$$#E?7KEX725]%N,WN9L35?,/8A'
_3*G
\UT$:J*%E;9*G. JP+L
M&?[FS(*BQ^'C[PK O5NK-Y6S[_AM -8'F_@T@4Q[4W[YXLTT.]B FD?TFOE6

IL0W



M_CRN08G\8T=^^P20OZN/4%+!L5-!YP2H()^O4&+_V+'?/0'L%^DY/!B*D+Z]
M_:6MM'HG0$6Y?8]K229'LHP*^RJ*B[&8&0U[2
J#);AP J&'KS%[4SS'
@VZ


M&\P%IZ9N[R/H Y:%2RN2




H
M%8%X#N+S^B0?J&*



MX&ZTD1H?F]NN-S[\^1&N]/6)]#]6RY;ZA216Y&R;M69Z]\UT9CGOA$2:]!T%
M-Y$ KP+@A:16Y.FK)=$MT5TZNHO)L=BQ[99$ND1ZZ4@O)

B7T^NW?&=FG+1
M4-L]8=ITB8*^TP5Z







WQ7
LTZ KJ*L*_OOQ(!QK5Q/-?B:*
M:2M81XM4H-F&
G



-



2GB0\

T)37/M_-*NP.SL
M BFQ

L_LT?
I7O\UX77S[AO%JVD;Q*;;A#MUPT+I[O
\LMYLW-(D:8SMPU4Z)#I6T %V*

M 96A1(9$1B(R+JM%AC2G)'*W1ZYF630O6O-/S$\O$9(1(8OF\Q(=$AWKT2'Y






MIYO2G&GZYV$VPHG
'RW*2D3U4ZJ@4K@=#S'V=B7&RXJ(L2$&
68BLL/+^1#/


M4SMVIE&9VW$
VF$28SNG
M#V?WW(Z=B;&A]EI C/6F8




G@

E.[?+@9_K
VO'VZ


@+.





M.9?XFFD1EYV2:0-A^7.\-T@ZO$@Q3


MWWU?EB-PW)U&M[TB2& -]ZX)2L;


MZKSFO-EEB=MH8M'B%6.84'DE7AE]!U5[G
MM_(!;1ZC U 


'7@^]ZR]]D3\._!$^$)WD3<S:#IP)&4 A+R3AD;A8
M^.M\AAKV; 8G1GU6]*NHK $A39%:O/BW0*<#7@S;X]._@VA!.6
@'_;E$)]
M.!)@ +A#C([Q.I=


7GNFB/(%W\CC?H/M'47N\LN7)U0R*DJG#-%)@O'!V



M!@B


9L!H<+/%I#184YZ&Q4H03I=ZX\$M^WJ)#F
MAP'4;)G:R+1




M6@/4_ZX@\_+]DMCZ!'4 YO/ I7

M['-=[G-LGYN8*KZSTA#(:%0.DNA$=;4XF$'D[JA74UH'H/U2-*ZW$/EFXY
M'A+3U(%=0*Y$3: (+P23Q0&FBN3WH8O=56$U!F_%^B1H$TD6T8F=8ZLYYKL
MYN,8^=^
:Z6!PODBP.%S_'@P
Z5*\V;
SFL\+,R<5X!CJX:DQ/4G9R!RZ(VZIJ <&1:\#W89]P

M5 XDB?F\X2*2_BJ$=,S9G-7GU!KA(9S (P9ZI-CS%((GITWA1FO;N(0P
M_ #8_8F'3@T+U7- G8X+)HL%4Z



9S:B5I/K^(4C?H_9_8.G::M1
M?N2



MNF#$T

SA@O
\C(




M\\!Y1!EG6B
BAWQBJQQF 49+IAG
MAF4T<&[<80K79]1#$BRNA0$0&)F3WWU+M$
V

M/K)
'0



ZP[O
M?L5*UH88=LL4]0K.BQTJH2?ZD_BY(J3U\]6DE&B =&XO3CD.CR +F:&#IIOS
MXCL6062Y&ZE[EE:+MG;/@NVRC9^.S7^Y9XES=^/OCOW\!%[!HCM?RL;.;?2
M6^PES?FF]1 :LO-X-('I[GR3(\F2U?Q5-^8*.#;J=#]E-DGV[/B;S9F2#ON

P(C \

YS#3&NM;;(/S
M65##L.F)FL;GQJ;K






DR'-HNQ36


M6KBSL



-= P$UCU^FZOA\A68@_Y
MW:8B9-&=P;0-6D)CH+AD3F$J1-BVA-UP

M CM+@*%!DZT\.O?&2R\Y[*QV?@+5;W&#I/A;]&.FL@3:ENTQ?AD$XLX3KM5I



M58IAH?::IQ6?--
F8:%__X
M_6M


WBI/+A&WJ@G;D'
M:KJGTH:X
S]B.O!T@8][/*2


 I]2(G
I


Z'<Y^_F
JN





10/EI%


M_H=EX(C'=T2


H!2#[QQM
MEK!X*SI
*DK(U\LLY$^'BF0:LM F





M( N2=RVMOI+%(DW[5

+E6V=[I6?8UV%8+L;QV-IN=A5


MYD85LD.%3*


5+RR]G$&(
M[K].+(N_3OB[-]/T\'=+\^ $QJ;]A%\]BZ^S1C&)&P4;SO=^4/]UG6*1XS0H


5![L07(W\^:X9DG







TK0KV;V8O_^W6%)!YLZ%Z-EZ@&05Z-ED&#36=7P3WS X7-FPX]CG

93RQ TKA5)Z@4K]O+&N'DQ\I5H\X2#FT%*922HS2:5O\6BR
M2AN-749M25_@8665-AJ[C(22OKMCY*F%S5Z4



O[T]AZQ$U)JMB&V5EBL7_I/0SQ

MB6.6.#OK
$

3.=






JK;6G


M7<O\ZA*QF;*40VZ[
R(6R\9Q
=J-S+_K]U^D^2 YY_=*;\EGA.


2@S&P#SU!6F$9&S^F:

M8H
6ZJ(KQL5D
9#ZP'@

M30-

QV(:

Z]?Z;]






#7
\A@.W=0+G[;^2M3PKD5@C=Z;6&#P:H$L=]T#D/N$C



MV4=@AD!\F%D*9Z*QBA)DH%/MSX6BR0S*7SZ8SE'X&L 6Y'
X^YH$=^A]*(
M#NJF^AU7&M%+93(-P.1W8CS7TX'(YHPSLK#_


-]I);



MM
?@&K5BE15H.OS!

#/<XOII8]I


[93.!!]KK%Q.4
M]

]8? %@2+[H)KB6'2

!:G5(+&ZQ!PNC
(TL._(C-/IJ[!J$A$ ?S0C%6@E8]






MF!NJ2+H$ZJ+?MPP73


/* 


FTP?SG)S#@8;^ZAHL;&&Z
MX(NYCJ9//IXKO]

X9LQ\D

M962!1!4%$GU9($+)&2!AR0*#F1[Q[#5?=4_7D@E
R&-V.2E^?T!9ZT
MP'[@^EO\P6NSRY;_3O]62EY47+8A$V/,:L&H%KPH1R7F-8VB:M978,RSJ_CA
M89%E[/-_$,N O8-?5!R<@.\Y'+

MG(B7HIH&47B6/XG[0[O)/
(.!?E[1^FK&VY4J.

=4ZZ9$/R7

0OL!BU

M/'B)T4-8#BI(P6IN5&EPG?YI4+

@]KHY;C



1\P8HS4Y:-'
- .7

-[3AN6_7KO^Y@IRZKQ%2FF(A%VMN1






+

@W!*;;4C$#


B*9/*TAQVIJ9!%AYS;*TJ*MNW#BB4^>0?AZ$W,
M28L7_=6U,;J$-*BCXT,]7V=L*%+9*5,Q[0QC.=PWKV5U:*%)P6?#337#_@

F?






G]VP6C?+H6


M$


#U)

NS6I292







MW



4!5?P;=SC?YO^





$K

+Q\9C*L7
=5Y
CZ9W8D+%XU4:;73K7;IMM;3II'65C2?]8H8[

T\%,#4BB $78'\?K14DOC\?:RCN9L?X*'N2@'!
M1H




MG1H:-8KV[!(^

_BB3M5#M#I1X


M7^?2+[&?)R&1W@^_WM0N'VZ&_ZP-;Y]N'@#9UJOV[@71173'VV0I% )LBH8\


7+#..'  'X^/[)L=]X$I

MS+6DY)D






^XQC.)/L2I'X(WCVVCGTR+
?--'&NT[\2R
MZY#_L(PWG'DDX+*(3SF\!.^;X:

M6C!#J.G]920-?4H8-XDZ1^M-+_FIHV Y
#V

GS8;I-




.UW.]_X O:7,I,#WQIPR0V%CEOTFBU_WXM]1AI8M

9;+G'


M@Q\93I@F



M/2


M&





&+?0ZBV583KHAF;(EP_#
+UK-/57G2\O:JQ0UG4ZUL/HQ02






M!;O&GF:^=FL

^6'6_96AUEVG6\PQ+NZ8_Q
-\'ISO2M$[A@
M]RZG;/


AC@=:FJ_?

VZ_'\:QZYY9D+U4I9J!:OI-NCA;K?@6M

CXH?




M#;_!HJ-&B0R70=.+6VD-&*9$LD^DS?



0:KT+J0Z3G.BT<6V F Q2!6#P;

M\]).VZ46.Y88#_DBAIO/&-];?.





AXOT25

MB6ZRC#P;:96

V+'BQ39[9'X(7S&
DETBY!0C%UGG(OHVTXHPBF?SF

!$_GW0V1M!2YVCC_TM+-


C9W$X8V9(B'.]!*


_%


MB9?



MBK:[L /:XA;CO_AU[.YAS\]

?
1\
M[L2
AQ$RFTT

MX
L22L1
&=Z=S#8M_JO##!VL$NW
1/G34


M\\:-V+2[8MJ-[$FFKKNAB0X+&AK57&3TS$GO1A3S

M)B3WIXT#X'\F(GPSHH;KR8O








7L(I1/&^N]!4\#9L *0

M1;1HF4L$0YBS$@'Q!@YC$T%L@N+!ZB2$.9TZG
EP]9FPTG6 1P]]KD:\Z Z+
M2B

M).

TMJ95&+)&F(ME0J)-0I=U$-

5
P

M@H\#K*=C( 


M)EBH97.J






DI

+3K



M/N@






R3K=

M1)4'TK=YYYJJA+[-[49*OO)6L6K8K'DKO=;3VTAU*8-:.]A$//E&M)\2E))2



+ F
47KO.$V]D:]K8
MMYFVGJ5)BC:



M7+QF





7'/DPU(G];&-K?/D3#H*-(& IN)]C



M;YP43
;AO698K\;<

;YT'%2H]D(KX@';V








P


MN U*#]4DJHA2F
2.

[:M 4:%5H#6M.*8THU@8


S&8'4@R09NB2W'502;%<'2OK+:
MU+3-:3 5Y6B:2_X




M_8GWE4R?B%O(8O





8U!WC6)G
V?8606A;D[# WK0)DN;]B


M^3:Q.



M0RKOZI!@ D!D=!N--X*!.W&'R?C4=5[#KQ:_0RYN[?[SMY]?
Y^2[J_D6
L/


$5T0GSC


M3B!H;Q#O[^



@Z]2#FPR^P$N;
M!D4ID9LM*7


B8@


MQ.GP'-LK%OVW]?.F)#OE
N):PB$I40M%+253+K?CL'-1:W;T04.6G;8TIKR-

MXW-O!E5IWR-C1BR[W*
M+1


:M9^@8-Q=(GP_YBW<-0C&J*
MI4]A2@I


MB5^9G#05MFUGZK[[$^)J

MV+CFHZB2^.;8T;KS!%
*E)7:XK_$=4:&-XDKBL;)Q:F
:D*AMQ;T;ISUO#OT


M:FZXZ-+SB._]KX#%I4#%(:D
=X^2PFL9H%U/9MMJUQ([R4+X1G]<QV\]?',^[%I# 2S^%
M@#@TS:%078?'UMM1=LJVH-XG+TX%<@6/[Q0C[.'35_9VEN%(74Y0CH=RFU3

AB

A

(8I;6!HLWQ


*4H-J(
V4[/GNB8  V[$&0!'9=5)</3Y8
MIM*

M




U$D#GQ42_

*_Y9[[WSRP-*QZ(7Z
8= R!FHQP(@]

I^1U#T
1T:OF

U':X;/8.D5Q9!59TA _$\]U@Z+
D+Y?
M4U\41TGMLM\J

8/EGIOZ8Q.*:D)+

M


M4( 4@-PXP:




4BK3


MG0#2]H'B2.SE16(7]?G9LDNIP51:=.^ OLU'

M&WRZ7=F9.@\VR K.,&:/R':M6/3L,GPX;,KPZ+;2#\F!;@;(T@[J^\/](7
MG\X

ZI%0?&E&5.(72@_H^]D8S#L^\_$;P?^+


Y-=
MTD$70G#S;/G )43PVVBP.A5?P/

Y8#/)PIEU:H'40T'%TP6#S/ U



7HNSE=%K\&=B.SK7 TG!SP@8(2;E8*91&<
O1CA:WZ2:FTQGCHOS
\/&C\:^$N#_B?MU(!_=:+]D;I.__B4ODZX$U+.*CU^O_YB
MVK].+L1\:@Q*FTP:M1L)N,7Q)ZY=$VIIQB]:)\H94^.SM?)!<I'?&@U#.&;

S _QZZ)I@K SPEVYP&4[$=0:TN
MN
7$FSA@T?!.!C6$

4]?ZFW/B&U8N,&GQZ?3M-E5YA2]?-,9
MP=<C$$L!V_+ @G7L-G\),#\304G0D)-R[GR25*3# U[*SG!(S!#6!&<*9M
M#Y?:Y=]8COU\BLY08B]T1. Z&F$P3)BQ10(WQK?H'+ 1#B=8B8F.SDP_&1.
M#-?3X';PV]JV)'-MIE'?S&.[DA0X#CJ-





ZV1TZ?');YJ8P
Y%UF8Z5)+#L&6&3MW# -\-5M?^

Q:O'QFHX/_
MQ(Z'#Y!0)DUX5J9'M7==FY2=]E2XR]5/.PJ \;B9V&1L%B5+U!L]2:KT))X


3SB


A)3C
M'.P@Z



M'V/W.M



V*W@6L)K-%(&T.D

/UMD
M32Z9ZMB][]

8MI.^-4? ^
ZC1@X]
M93%/?A^Y2FLZB71:VYRDLICP1CC<H1Y\ &@]$.2UAA'2R6G]NL.<[8@VV^<




@YS.TF91UE



M+G*]:9E)$BG)_REB6\;TW ?K9@?;!HU H:(QYH

4SE)O,R24?CP0^\-$]-P=.R+T8=W'S(E



MX'=GA@0BXH?1%V9(I]C1'G3#04@9% 1$!=F0^

M97UK-=!SZ

M1_P^*=J#.=LI-YC0UC\AA#




M*ISFJ
GL

8M67*9U4\UPPV.!E#$?UOY


\1K#$?FW4.P[#]JP;P+Q9


M*P0NTI]KSJ8!Q'.V3TO/EOA=L:
KZ&
F$QM:)U+F?OLO-QN2:GGZAX]J'M^
MQIZS[.0G2P:+[95M%.2QLY@T'?[-L3^%SGVQ *:G]WM=O==)6
B=&!K^U@4
ML0HL$
8@$7-8MQMX2[&H2G

6)-

FJ-@9R)9!=)K7]3TZ!AXM+6!]T
ARNZ/R]C
MK:^)Z.KUZ.;C_?Y/M+O E^5J_M





-OZ*K;2Y[V^WN^D*'\NO-'A#DT+S;?;&
TG4X/48HQP

I5DP%_\44




2$1#^1:PGQ;+

0OHCOY#VL[+4MA/2

Q(!T@0<E



9!R1)Y^
M;.*Q#




MI-.CHQIV'IC9G.]DI@(7K7-9Z)@S?:YWD_+MHLT))3%=YF3U3+AW=:\ HW
MYT'460U)2+!F@//N



*X$2!4?+#1GX)RXK1(*/3@ZT



1::7K/_(

%XS&R/=OTF ^/0+SQ

M1-[9]ZZ#O$-DQ.W?]Q%WB..]T(=E.-H/:1R@-W*FF(BYX9;R87_NW-C&'X

(N=Q]Y3[NUC6QW
MTJ)VPY[-=0\#@@'
D

MKE(D%@+=JB;TC0Y$2.U!I4WHN2/3Z[W9Z:+E:S2/B;74-\1@A?N$6N04AEL+



MDXM3&=6 @FEE

WHVMY;9'$LR5SEP6FFN6KJS:8TYNJ=BJ&*6JK+H1_@+RW-



MZC9A^7K#;YRG'E_DJ[E8_





_#73
M_.Q


FX7#'@6T

M
MUV%-IS.73+ C]PNA]&(X]PDM,H@9:3]WJ_CSP:@.%.RK*R\;\3_3]VP'6'


M)WI[QYO-1SV^

3W:F-TE7F!1S8'L


 \0:_J:W+HG6F78+#PN89E
MS74ZYA_.T3^' '%Z;4(/LYBFAI$/)B-6#][6%R#4MBR1L^P=/%I7C=YL5;@

]-C',,(:SY5VO2'MN9A<;SSZ3O9
;.R9[&(F


M)2NBCEZ3-Y;['6FJX]ERUECXBO'

M\_AC.&CP *INIRBY?/N VA)[K*I4%OY=&Y(@^AV_O]A;C?X-FWU/S\&ZS/






 #W <;



!+GQ3%A=^'VMLX-'D]] *1D0D@HW
%Y';

!F?NLYK^-7B=YA3IMU__O;SZ_JC]R(Y8Q^B



M^O3#=X:_)HX%WJ;''K;YB5(G3MIVKK=:TG2M4=FK5:N;[RG9*(S#2N6S;CFB

B4C@
M9A-?FU%V3G



\R<!Q< PSN! HN$R HVH&\UY)D._!XS
6^ +FS#.3F

//:KK#((EX_J$R2TKH
&:I@6XE75#$(J
F

MQ4XKKETR




OK]\


MN)FG&=HXLQM;A)KA ;^A6C&;.8ZQGBF38EE2)PKVDBV2S=1XCQ5CW-\2[6




MA_V';5AFK





W95'*$VQ2E-D].:K4E
@*KZ/KV.8N..0V%QO

]I*+*)YY%TC
M)=






M #E8/3(
7-
WB4K
K/L@OI/1@^
_R^?K5_/PF/':\
FSX\(B7OXVO=/E:]EB




G0*Z1VJJ%



!%OJ
]

YE!#U+T0_IBS
L0&*[]6D7%.(NPR$MKL<GD[653U^U8S%AB8Z(;]'$.NIU&F
M]A?B^5.X0ILYKC]V+-/QZ$ 8H+41:$'7

M\VEDRG]JA%X 3E!.V3MCPXZ#YM6$N7')BPG: )^55Q1S/[3%G@E3;Z$O0^GL
M)SA9'GO'5S J8 E&PDHLOQ_\-.
YX?M,7YA^GYCHM;J=9<I\ 1D)X:INT;J*!@-I)2*=H1#RX*_-D
MC.'$!$]&




\O8DY]MET
 4P#/@^FSL'?OSAH8O W<4T)
M@$2;]@%T5&/,8TAA]X9^&

CHF2$QG-MG%]7GV/P-

BM4C

+Y[F
E\*?([Z$5C(B@


WCS<-[
MP-*K

5D?M GA]/S(FLJ/!/_2H/]).RWD7YUH?Z2NTS\^I:\3
M[L:4LTJ/WZ^_F/:ODPLQGQJ#TB:31MWW!-SB^!/07+JFU%/)7K17E9+$1N?K
MA'I5\:'5

3;*E.6J



]R 5J8;4([M-P+?V5M+7V+Y9H+:OWE29L2W(D$B

VFWNQ+0YI9F=.J=%H).JVM=-KQ
+_U




M9R?&JU( N8XV


X/8I_IKQBR[I($/5V<NK

$3

M!P=RW]=&(#F@\'U M $GN\
?Z'
F1[[-ZT1
MC!6&I=\




(7[PG-'6#D[
M=BPLJMK?JIXE




_T
M+G^;WJDX2GX@ R8GN!*1G@7PF6RV77.XD6@I\ H^$MI6]G@_T[FYAZ#D
MP%+66PDDF0&2\5:@13G^M_'X97U2V-?;[4D*4*7$?H2#DE)8RB-_=5=X/?5
M/+::?;/32612B+W42+3J%CR2J2


M =/*2!
K)/%/VL3X:4ZK)W%ED$F$40+
7&S]2W\LNH;3G[ZE]=$N+1GD5!+
MU!SCL#K5\R&,?_8G[[ 0603UV/\8:S;'Q&4UVO'.K/A ^JP2;$'^$9.@\!E

3.)BEY?YF?;#Q/;'_.UCKVUB

M #M/(#LO]'9\Q9X
C[:
G06LH3&



MQI0:]@!-$%-9]8@*6L&7!%0(!#P*MC;6%I-U!;T@QL.^ /!+[3 0913!&9E0


LKKK:E/O*]_\9HGZLJ@Y/0


MU=77@AF#5-;$:[-7018B)BI*XHE'96QRIM)X*_ Q5MC^.J6VFP3NA[?;CV








++@$.IN.^IA7N



UB*+WR1ZEYD6655
M$-'-N9CH&W,$#0JT3


_J):KIH6!Z*&Q0#X4#TT/!]% P/106K&M)
MGQ -LHF?<M@G!=6/]0FJ'ZB@NEHN0ZDGA6MGK<XBIZULF!(^PDFP.8%_6AW


$6WX









@7K:&T$GAU

XD@5+D
MN(F


MI7)N@
W.4@

MZ!5WPQ

M^
F_O$## N1?MZI-+<^^#/670?VU


]&1
M4@7+%I7:R!(: '.6(;/YCMI.K&;#G+495E&LLNDE-);.'U;=W/(W[*'8H[GA
MQ3&6S1VU$Z



R?YL7;2
M]TBK&W0PMK[:C( 8D[=B6&H
2^5D2

MYZ(=*$)?LPZ.3+$IPT-Y/)233CD[#^U($?K:H754U_**JF&DTADI)WUP(B-M
M4M8C4;3.CK4\@#;G



M56'YW22FR

Y&8 O);

1!150D+!^'(2R*V=Q

M#'KN
^=Y3])N#7R6K6Z1RC01!=&B\*8[BGTY:)E"LS(^7SX^EGVLF._)%X
M :@#W^M-2N?/]#.*?E&GVR?W(;
H12KI7 1=Q$Z@PRL[?





*

R7PCVS=)#


.!



];WSWWE8K!
M?H *:^-GL?



&P7T=-N#&



CM%O[(7M-?QK^

D^S.1E
:G0F0J9
]]
? YW::Q'=[]O5R



M;R(-7!Z_3L\K7UYRP I2SQ-\'1S^.C;[8-ESU;28:I6)%

MFEL^33!=TUB
L%]W0889(IF92-#FWQGZV&(=-V&+$\C$)AL=.
?J9$@RO6);




MA4B7:MOE7122V;V7;ZH
Q.6;%XEDU/FTHE6OFZKWAL@3(B]80G2YMM[*J;QI
M'==


M51
#6B/BVETZSLE:69%U.@\A_TU#YMJ\/4S#^X:#04KLY)49ELX^V*1-7%
MAMOY]$USMJ^=T
CI7KS$TN(E'235Z^;

*Z&&^MQG)AN?Q74Y&S;I
ZE4QGGX&]=;2O'X0;:CZ

M0.IS^[HXS)/DX4G.$=A*?( M/
/5D;0U!
EP6\)M];S4G]58_H;=#+OM/+OE






WDA+-&J86'$LYR%



58[^

ML(\''OMRZSS\#R!/^4;X!'ZU7/S#PT BZ$&B/_?J84KKX.Z(9%U\6H^!
0


M(G'PWQAVM84'

Y&I
_4:?I
CEI3

MTN$#US'2[J_*?86TJ(OJ*QH)PYEH-&W7WFJ1VT\:75$+#*,?2I_ $AC?U:






2KE LJ7P'Q+TID/L8
MC(?,P^ERZ!O0$7H!%O*Z#5XFCY#W/0%OGC F XR[1-L87)8)\^])).X:8I-



D!X^T*^V^,T2]_@ FTO3!.2^3K?;? PQWP#YQDW=+VZ8AU8T2N$P?P
MO8@=4I^]RG-W]3-

YC_I6P87C\^!\9++1P5HQK^O0-^-)]4KI<H#Q=DU+]]IA=
M<!F &S UL<_T0(&9P0C#AG%GCA9^?9<9#_3 *T0&TP[YE-IPKU*1PJ&MD3V
M0A\@9:3DPR

#TP%KU([23?
M5C\'9


OE /9=:

JPHYX\05
MZ'J4(=

M42YN



A_
.K?9Y8L7_5#A\+V
M8CYH
K[Z@9G^C?OVD[R]T#L3<2#


R]JI(BZD
;YB\CZP?WW2S%Y,-GRR/7SRT=X:;M$@LHM
M-.SCT'94CAB(=N 9855(TA(

MQ)D09U:&;=/Y@,D C:/[J0_QGSVY(U:)WU/HW\J6A[P/XW)&A(T%7:%/X-
M_Y(^J!*/8VEO1/7.14G;Y35\X!_(+8CXB$H OK/0#BQR6[E(;GY/^


M:O%9!M)-U[PDD^E1)-/CV&1ZE)#IL2G%I7@8?;QWVM2-?7K32@\*SP+W?T6J



%;*H58&/U


 K!* 2C$%9NL:]((9SA96J1SH
51+!Q



T.NH:([
VL*IE^GU-GWWO;;\-:/ Q88K#O=-W-:M1/7C_
M^0


MIB_S +-F'=:7PR?F%,/'ES\/.HNEEL8






M CB*K!:\C#9U8S!M?10%8B5B$! $G:X=]!!S'H#Q5B$/;5AV\0'A81PII+P+

C3)*-P%)E5SGJ6B)!X=(B/ 8**XQ)Y (P[?%YSQ7J ZA&\AGNBJ1S



MO$#ZQS@WN.#(0E$;?PFI%VBQP\M4+A_X!W+KPY.4? ?A WMW6[G08I6+S_*3

M.S$%E&*K!60PK%DAW)A?W*V;Y^WRIQ!0ZJT^S^_L=RW:8%O:89L3_B
PVX

CO+CD92O38GX4T%%B_E'PG5)-LV:!(Z./

*D:2@(8*3KBZ2?8+0NP/EGWPYYCCR8&JYX/A[V'NETT#GXM
M+F,*@#D[D4[=E(D^_GQ-/4]/W]XS)P K QQC:4B+G/NL*D0R[CV6GE@-XC[




VEC
*?T08?AB+5[%
-=G
LF@=+L.



M:U
7F D4

!C7UP(^!JRN*L/8G:/470V
M;3[I'@/0T\%I)_@0XF:0B [)L@P3TV
'NL:I&9GQI


O_0G?VS%DC)M$9E*VG@_)R86(?

8Z[Z=$V8#U)G


<_*_#7\:<][@0SM\;#U;ZNQ3: 3*UM-!F99K'-).6BL*
MW@EM)P*+*HA;\$.36Y6XO7(JQ\F?6_@I@QU;'(%:VSOGO N
3OKF?S$*MXA
M-ZF3V?N=/YAORFSOG=YA^^C0)=]H%X2584P]C-G=HT.#C_R:BM^QV=L.UD/5

MGR]-2
MM4&YX=65G5'9
;BODWNNPP/0SD

;+?6??9VXZ^MK0XOW



M]3O)RA(G1K&B1NTN@F$+.AWOCG?//:1





MB5O[/C[AX=M]AZ

M0


MM

M$@=E5BU8NW8R]P:7-\?



SH:7QOOIY=EO



M2?-LR 

M8!78 H'+5.E*T?TG48'E%6C










\ X;CQ[-7X3-Q&^(]8E$FTT]8KN#D&0Z
W@G?2%]E&OE$?#9VKF]ID;EB[43IA:JC TQ
MO9!@<&DFHC3!E00;D:GDVGV3BF0XQ!<18M


M$IY KKQ&8@/G$V

]B?1#D6D[]E
47M*U\L'!:87D

















M.=C9W]EM#)]\
W#21C]7_W#@\.7N[OX%0&G5#XY!O\-^CX:3T9C'4\8];-

MZ@\T4+58A

K231?7-N?1_+HT:2IB

MO_.%=?%?-H3O=[$O*GOOEMWYD+&Z.WZ/T(BW3\E3^Q\SI7.6\@DP Q
!4WRP
MNE18QI4JN

M



-9YJ/&VY+^__
MB_ $+!$* 4 L63I\]F$U?&VJ=P7*B0)4&3@[Y$L8NP3H5+Q[A821@Y8SDR

M



M

VM8'@%Y5:0MHD$,51XUR3CY72$YB$*?EC5C&AM@B
M1)K5 !E_&P-51+V&[2&N]5G-NWG07/\V!EW9Z%S W5WETAW)AY2<B)B$D3<






M5:784NH0A^X1T=[(FRVLXT4LG#9V$43Z NPRRX1S )\0DV.-82K=CP7:YSMI
M% A ;90XR




Q81%DEM[U/CE^/VH
[L<#6M@O4T?
M:$6'OJ.

M


MA#^'5
TC$P)75LK^H0VP*XEJ@A$$)&;1O &O/V=-5T6TQ1NZ Q&(B9\(6Q



*X

M-;B/Z!S:GODR-.:+N$[0$.J+3
+?7


I489%$TQXJ-

4EC3&*J$9(N]JN'1(L2 GV\:%_M$+5NKI6E;6$EOVN5F_J
MMB.$9^R988N\ZW_@MCWA%CU)2#&^&+\U[C1(SIA'(F)\26W+?!'F$0 )DBB
M&FI%O4RB' ;\CM2(BXDB+VT:'8%*ZK$ WUFCM;LBEI9M$J2.BBDZ2/:;2T



M-5=2DF9R:?ZG:V3[R-@^NP


$%     @
M)(++4J@O[.?1&@  ^54! !(   !S96YE82TR
#(Q
#
S


[SJ632GI*OO6XRHF]MM

YXZ3S
DB@@

C]&9E[



MJ#*56NKMH7I9+DI;[$HC_/+\W*Y/*SA(OY/C#Q\^'
JW!XXG!*/C1)#+F
W/




NVXQN6AQ_;$!UI1\T!'Y6

@%A2HDO[XR^JB&:!]T'9(

B7.*QB$93OIW1
M38G8

MFK8P\GHSC#@_W5;X^9\!-!H#@MV!\(Q$G#X2Z-_A;^*&
=\=9)HIV@+
B3E@
MSLK
P#B#S#@_70

 V=D=ZX8R^444D^(T381$VM

P_K[#(:
@
M80L&[SL

Z ;U@

=78
61L33%C 1+P8PS
MRIEQ;E-F7CA


MW[B


W=@(R%
M!3O76[1EV[=:VV+


TJ3+
@]([H4;\X/]Z%M+N[9


I5_6TOT
M;FO8ELWU

M%W*V *$/@\D(RC4RX]P6S
CO7W4-9V5F7CI
WDG76X OCMZ/+Q(&JK$!'W#
MMDROCY+)R NZ]0+\_!+9EV[D]V%4&8H+#PFEJY@
//Q?%O+6.WMVS*Y/JHF

M5L)S]RD;SM45_/5;QHCL^?\W9R3+8WC)T&A/,;&4VF),Q18@5H)Z:[)7G)^R
M7T.^DWDDBN\<?CL:4\955M8:8@0=LI^<GYZD$R]=/3HLY7LX:2]?4N(.-%'

KX^H-B00#487IL#
M8\_D#0W;
K8^DKB:8S/8N9HA8\_ ]19M658?$BQ2;P:+ZE)F[-E5WZXMZ^JC
M?O6
G



MS8?^R-!FLC-8Z0MHM
[(.P72QDS90IP^_MN&N+3#6NFO:+06I\=G/KL_L=

MGQL=EH[8LP6ZO2![;4%='M[.UYF7&\_/16



M?R9I1IQ-?WH3JK;PI ]R:_$D_[O+V()?!5M#1U7/N+;OW30V;0L*^O!T.:M[


M;RF+5(YM2FMB@+=(YZU^X381M,.;4%0'VRN0/!;20+G4DJ0PO(VE0+5 ZE








%?8\Q=:R0


MD*\[-G$'


S2&1XZ(^Z

R.A]T!:
P(V4))0T2]\4#: 18FUFJQX.X@





LF94Y.+2HD'L!V/-8L+U&]WU0B5RL1Q/\KV,
M&9[C*\\:7ZI_L?L_#6/_CUQLT]*;B!8(YN(O_E%D+6TJGP?D&(QF&?UWC/X
M=$B0&XM_(?


5


WK/PC55&(



MD.Q#




M[
EM^\;B2&3XV\F4AJ^K4[JC?7W8RI=N97?N*4+4IS31QJ0*A4LTG-/L_S

M

%@U\5D L-.J[+LT=AEQV.LQ$7



M6@
_=&+1'
G


EHL0NJC)/($2T'0W'.J$D1Y=SUU
M;'?/M?B5B'R;YW7

 +

]0UW$ J/Z+:L)X,F
M]TA/\% MS5Z2 # 0=E&(INY^27[M?8=)6S2MSW(VK][3.4[NIG^)'^M9Q WO
M^N$0J4P9(E.R@M?FN=]FW4W6P
FBO\FM?ED[5D_9XMRIP#

M

MBI82/09+RO6=]_T+^&&
.&1UU1)A-&J^-NX]M^#,'7H'B?
\L+7()8$L8_/\@^Y/Z3L1.

5)
MIM5/J_JHGU]499N_X2;HCG7Z
8YFMP+@#C]U*YR*M9'@*GJ8D?2J&SF632KS

MR!VWZGTN4L=*?7-(2^)7.D\5ZH5)]CGA=!IYI50CDX(_:.].RW?%T#!@#8S;

MK;6E^MM'Z%C/)^



U5ZDKV+A\6=X+*_AQ+E+A7X
J=*]Q$TQ

M3N
HX=@EY/)TK/2CDD&:;253I
A\(8#-H&HL_:M^]A48
;B.ZYOQ5I[VF_E;



;(\&,NMM*:
M2:M[KKB%RL0EZPM4+):=<+_@53\^V_WPT)[;MZI60R76([[6G;V7/E%$7
MITO238OR:;*=M@P;WG/UF7K.;57W207'[L2C3%X,2=PDRREU:7YM03<]?$T



B



\3/
2?#$5$#2DY1![9DI/6V:.INJVP:%_54H

M3172GHN8TVZ!G











F4U.*@\\Z?(^'[NWJ%0[\SJ6OHAUDS_[!/=.)7__D\G^.XX)/D
MO/K8+7JZYI^ZWN'E&RXN5R(F0[+%!67L!.7Y^@[%OXNFIX13R'$=M^B:%J/1


Y. 2
C%8 &[B?
MXQ.^L9&LY/.IF5@TD[F\]@3 H-P=EUD[NVZXFBDY:^N=QE;PG2@#E4L]4\^S

)5!)B


9X(B5.:.N



MOGV*64V)U]#R$]U
<][8)P&MU^M\C

MP@XE86K:+8DS(?[Y_-^2/*!4\':-^:HA

MI[C^+_\Y+451I







MG4 (E#F-
M3@8!K1(4X I'.
M8=B-XW8.*2[[

(P\'HCQA3K!_!8C8[^-8;*7IIINM
!8_3P[31?H25(









H64C1?A\VUP IJ74O)$'Y6BIN

MQ@H5NDP]MU




9ZD9$_<
*9;4WLTY*;2%LE*ARZCAJ5EI+T3!U8)8FI=B7J


MYC1:5J4XG&


V]1&@V

D@V7

MD



#2E#)Z5L!H5IR@/%]S


0O[U*RJ^C:=[T B,5;MUJQL'X/XKBN^YV9BONU%F54A'
MWR'$R\1MD6U+2\JX7W!,9M:449\06$2HW[:HUFG8&@
 MCRAF&YUJ\+5=M0

%P!P52





S-[

$!'C6IV3
C!+43-&\#XK&@W

MR0-I/S)#Y?7H'=+N90;?YN@-TEYF.+CNF060]C0SL/89V) V.F
=I+V3G2_
M,+[K%*7@6X@.LM+FWH!= LQ


M1U
M4FY9T5VNU%/$K%




L#^)!'W!CU@ .


13PBN:$I%X
MM\D=BCBNB D SF\S^_WL5+E5X_$^

MM1]*QB9\:H=B-]75@7\-@?$XKY;X'6(X$2GDW
QM%%F.LD4UGSZMMTVNT%K\


*EW=
W;Q33:LQ/P5<<K[$ @IS
M[WP?:[YX_QAXZ?D336C<$O^S&Y_NNJ$2S(Y4X.#MCRS8H573&)1\.=[)O;N&
MHT8./J3C']8)SBS'6^T??L@=$H+ M)4 B+( 5*:/ G$BT-'AQP+_%@32'$8

M%YR%U+2*C@N)X$C=P '$
V3(P(Y5^RA%(W:[JDYVG
M-B2 %HUQT91TT+*%8%9[AF^FBR&X9L

 ^\V(;2




3NF$KC)]C2,(W;F<+] !RN01#,
MV+X ;D,-7E R$JP.DKK%X2-MP#1K!P&V=HIA&A^ZD1@?7(

$*S?WS__F_O
MOO^.9!&-DVSYC^\_WP6SN]/+R^^_XWF8Q6%*
_*/[S/Z_?_\'__W__7?_T\0





M/P6[9H'\*GC_(?CQ_=^^\?A[

M)^L?ZC8_A&DJ2Y'6#&R:5U-X&2@K_+9_^_!SWS[4:P 4_6FY1\_T-_HF*Z
M#I

=*

MR(EX7![(G2 N4A(D2? 8ID6Y(01B[PS^+

%N
MX!)#SW%;D8H92;)$#G$E/M:M)9+Q





MD)(NBI\U4E'[M/7.6/0=94)@_L?W0NBNCJ__DJ^/Q/_X/F?%?KCZ9#24HQ:

%4;5IT:ZM?UP@G&JY74]YR\*V**!B-Y;?S7/SSC
M=]-\$/9%5'])LUPP]7E:SJL4NY;R#VW$!_J0R1)3[1PCKZKN70.R'U#+1^W3





(LK$FRF/GU*2/I6Q&&Q[2N-V0D&]


M$B'_AC4EK%%U7QPF92=BI-S2=E6*9:^:C4H77?K,$U/BZ$(M[^BAM;#4K7


MQ92P
+W

MOC= G(MB


M@P:
6!CQ!!P*6TNL P#93VB1O0Z8 


MQ 
 [1=TT-0Q(@!(OR*%I HP@9S)P\N/9K@TXE$@
/')'L! %@@X?-('* 8&

P2AZ0VP(/JR2


3:



DQ-Q#BZ2M@J@':T=T#^75U5(FP4C

N +4 MCV\@QEZSG!G
MR6

M
TL!L0YOHM?!:F[+ L(=WHO ]?0!@;$.KQ-7W-/ZE#T@;&CR\PAM5H1AW
MT[%X0O:P[J$[-97BV%F?:LMRN/3[-U1$REPY$/57;(Z)H#O%^[?#UP-NWH
M%QN,)Q7(($



H )*
Q+ 7SR-5Q




[E-H;T,X& -^X$/?R6/)*L(-=$+4,IV[J@_<D?
M?A!V5GO#V^YR,^OL AU=Y%]#1@3S[/X\$W.?TO+8.J6\@S&U^_MDL:-,%OM


P


5K +
M'=W*A @


%85#7=:5;L.
M)@(2]H**C\?75GNQOJ649(NL#TMM0

6[DS


M%6O@-T:+35FGM]R5.DJT 'OAPJ-


M^(IJ[



)2WQ'V*.J;BBPEPO;?*7-&_B3-'IZ


MA6!1-3\%KJF)_Z-Z+)Z6+ CQHHI!YES@A"4^1.B80X1\$,P+%UFY'[$
2 ^'Z[U(8

)*N1W44D

M.9]TW#L-Z.

(_DED'O M!&Y%T 8\7=
M0/1@!Q;_CT%*LV5.V%HPV

UOS6@C8RD/:*AJHR

7+*D=B
+S
9[RWW





8KHIM[OX

M0DA\'K)





M!G1*
^C=4&-Y%95]QS[W8GA#/2^YS?XYK5+8(W4S(GYR[S)EEODL5FDM77




M.G! G;SGVR=63C2Q
Z

M?CX

MFF7Q/%\1=D




;



.29




M*]6VR88PZFD\Z(RUX+=$M20/5/Z$(;D8@^MK6&YN5GGQ
W+#_DJ-M96I\+/A

GE9G0J=DB6/!0E;ZB\

MD7A,YVM#;Q[L8=CX8D3.WP*;0VG134)\@A4?=/QYS2G=;9 P\.\ MI[7

M6/#R&3_9'OZBSW:* 1AU(DKT![!NTY]VJ1WU4W$D:6]B5&XV#,AQ!('4?R

B8&-]EL
S-M_

M+(
-39


M)]$0$1'2J;2BP[BQNX


26;KRVCMC ;@-$





@


M)0$=BQ/20_K)+P[TCU^I RU$M+[-V,M1#G(F+H(@!OD1RS1F+=07%*UQN:





MZ

M$;@0S/5%\M;)]K!$9EEB
Y$YKVI;@6YW;U?R=B5O5_)V)6]7\G:EMV17
CLG



R''2-9 RY:FHC9DL%%%;3A!7M3VHK:&J'U[R%S++XE


M5O.

MC*QHP0F
I-;V5NBZIYM[(EX-S^F:


'K:]R206VG
M1+.U
T6/]EM9A*EE$;WZ;4R:6KFSX5=L=-E_E]K&CEG\2
09RX6(5]](T&+P
M:&_H@.K#U


4PE6;/\-&1



M4G51UK

MP[)

_#VH_RJ#V
M+T2HVE+&)&ZD;.@]F.) %<#:8Z@H!U!#-@0* *IJ%84#B9@NW71&3] U6VG
M@K-3UJ;Z
BU&G!#7%37PJTP$:[//4058Z5/&B%K')$-[6#PP8@=$-] AM)S)
7UOM
MQ?J6[@2WR/JPI9TC ^PCQZ A
4)H61L.T;CB6BNL+=J(=$?B-S2G?86EZMV
MD!BZE:MC'#WD;?W

M@&H10IWDR)=2U]MH+_8QK@5LN-W 








MXBK4LB'A7C[*XX?:L FB7$%#G-I'5H5&2Y%$Q^3=$B75
^*C9&.;HO:1E)WQ




T(9HU^E)2/<B%\$DY=VC6N:;2HQ0XDSJN$O@S2&V!D




M5OW.4NU!)_)&6BA9S:ZH4EGU&C71J5+;K_JCN20%*@*(R&06&[!84K@*C8








[L@GE/27I]I9L*
OEQ1#?

M)*HUQAN6*ER\Z2T*'%U=7:.[G,6KN4MV'^1N$PNAX:13\GE20?DU@HC?R&


]OJNT'UW6V=]IG&97$
+H?DNBS0L

?6L^RA9MI^$YLOZ^=!$
M'YHX0(4W#)[G208SN@AYF%C 8^^ F(G%0[JQ+4TL7E+;]P'$]Q$;/I![%PCN

!A


*@N@1V=!1R*3$




M=^[_B40





MT8'2W

MJ_X #E ^+9\B7U$F!#E9&$SA_.[N@ :%




MX@J H/%5I];P50$QXBM+#7



%L;S@MJA'$BU:R5G6BJ]
96ANZI?H$2O4)$JKKRR$W0C5.

U_#W^=?=U#L//^:D9 7;-N]9A4M7=-=RPJ18-]V61?0


MVK :0TC'95A_C17 ?'*8G=YE4T9YP/H[K%Z8.WUE+5]9T%:O$D@3J!Q@0B

T3-XG(/ 2

6*KCZ69;@
5&+!5R8(&;$+Q89.(8
&/4'18A'MK'0H0&Q
M$#@A!PH0B^ACFO@.Q8E%U.E=DP *&(N\\]P\9YP
#86-3032#W*#(L4F!(&C
M*J$ L4E 77&74 
%I%GL)$T(G (AL-5'?J:1I&JYOX_ET@:6355QM!?N];

MJ;KK=R@9I%D]ELB9*=L7FY956'N%\C,!\!4DB%ZS)@A7\61\5IF$9ED&NV





4)X_I;;6,5,UK2WH#$9P@/-6Z+ZL
MB/(RLE,&@0EZ:Z^(8I\ ]L* !PP!#=5EZ!YP[E^VQ4[<B_K:#U5^A'LPC[
M8WAJ[\4CYXMG/*#DEL[V4\:@P_
^X*8W$)C=CVH99#'AT]%!J)&@CQ&M^C2G

M].)D2YD1%CA9(PP.#0_#+'
:V-D5A#+N\6#OOB[3T<@7BR%QL!)


M%1'&T&XX$$F3O1Z8ESTPX'BZ6/
]%$A#%PQ(Y.SJ+9S7/::. \':?SHR7M&I
M3




#C@5QP)+'HJ25U0N.$@/2_ZEDI5O)=?T**ZW5M!&:]%;J^

U]KG&+#@74_\9'OXBS[;


*Q@ZVWQ?RA]$87@3T(J 7 ;T(Z$7 T47 'ONUBZS#
M=\&3$%I6PN0!^;8AD12'HL
PDUT2GH;0U_
)H^8?]J32BX/'+ ZV)M2=24XD
M\8'V=EXSS461%XSLJFX\]BZ%LQRD7A4_R+A
W9=Q;'=2!4 :EG\%D98&0O



M(@
\&VXB


M_S!2&]3$7W\6M0W.V/38XQ%C&AQ[D^G-C-[



;'/A3U6



M$1XP(H[W*$F3LCBS+-?T]'/ 1$]3PVS?YXQIG;5#JS?1'K.)MC73['RQ(%&^
M+RAR'WZ[%2QR^XR'KDD^%PJ


I8#LT8SQ3*W








'9KMWG
XQ#-@







MQR$&M61

?\MY/R((RF1J?AIPGBZ3VZ#[EQ8O!VMG4+3$^/,B'
M!Z$/#_)A!C[,X/C#+3/<W3!7#H(*$@

M%2Q2^M66JO]J/ 2Z?0M-7IGWRGRG








M5\O87RFXBY%I00+JXP#+;T( E/+%/*NVSJ3B_JI\\/L6
+!.#M \R4L70JN3




M&J79N\5I?YU2F).

M^:+^HH:EL?J-:#6=@9.RXHNR6;@D4K:09?G-+U6EY:1J

M:@V--34&






#O/DFKMP SX



G+TRXN_19A*M&EE
L \Y.M
M%DLH5*]Q'^Y@=@\$;(LF/4NC^K@U'[?FX]90QJW!4(^\?;9-GJE
--E00!?'
M%NZ(0@


M3P2$/5XI


M*2VSUZ\%



4$N[\D*





=4?88Q(1F7:S3[4YS$9[


ALY
E9=ORMNUDO0FC7%9V*+C@

M6^3C]X0)Z:IH+5^@:.F [CTE5X*L6\*%$-AF+5(U=4FY.*B[*#YHXBV(WH+H


V7.K6

 RVG(5]+%+_Z1Q\)CF)9.__PT9&PKZ/T2ID6;





MF9^;D?@\9%GI9#\


XHK1O48P6'CV






S2G2
M.[/$+
]9\E#D





/
_^@JCK)?@$1XE=
MQ[DZ($T$#70LJP-81TY&%VX% :KOWD47=J6[2ML]J.BBJK18M4O'1A=$I8/.

!FAO0)2[IO5B%Z0U=OI(YRP[H 
27YZ0_31TV8WS9378YP0PM

!BBR=-SDE8SF

JO9E]#%I=[



B

,.UQ4=_Q)SI'FIS4_PD^D\5M)LM U'X6VCFO#B<2-^PW.T^-9*196I(F
MOKVG-Z&0;*)D4\;+W9&H8&5-,M72'?)1R&?.UK2@PMRXIPS%+]8?AG[V[$V-
M:]PM-L)#_?'05-BV7 4/'B;K;]Z:-5C^$Q(GPGI
R%])N0+2 .%1&-+?%28
/]H\/'2UM28

MC ELLI_C?$8L$E_?0& H7FQ276^[)A0X-N%N#%LW=&ZP($#NWRATX%%5!PH
MLAAJ[,$F(@X85 N=$BS2HIVT%RAJ;.+A8+$.T G!(CJ.G5,#G1\L,J:K'!7H
M/.$2/@=([(!.!#:I=-
! =9SC\%K*J-*?Z-Z+)Z6%#[V_:_8$T7X969;7


EK')Y;8$T&S\F)1O3Q?-?# WQIN./:6+O1Z
WGK])
MXWG+;1?[1:Y1YJ[?4 [




M[?J%[@X84!PLYFO29?#LZ(4!3RTU9DN9X'8:




/'(
MRVCXB1C+H N4B V;#5VM1QZ0(Q8N?JV/.A



D
M !X\-:&+H
@6A8QI+K\MC
/#^SYGS*AP.[3Z8/!C#@:WY[@4N\?.64%\%F4
M%V%Z2_*9?.L_*;#.Z\Y !Z4+ G3WP1OJ /IH#U1X*K_G#^DR?+9]12=N%I[
MXL2U

MT%R$9,


MFFXD%%@'F6YTDYZ58[H13.86@8E%




*$!8\REP6%!$/#+,H
M=

M.EVL4'?#R9D)+Z0:T!!DJ*=%3KNLC#ZHWMFVILY4(.5P8_.0Q1/*1.2O=C!
M!.5*4YJ ZRZM9
0RPTC4;*[+4_H)T*R_4M=LKJSAP


M%&C%8*RNZ-EO4[



]&S5XY6;V&K)[?!8]7!H[.CK_5O/[



M6PU([9T=H[L11UN4;










M=-)XOIC%=%/N/?%_IY+EFX&UV,(+ A?FV!TNR%!TF@RT^]X'&@0F/_J0UGL
M4^+ S^*0Q?SS1AX4']Z]__CN@]H;J=/7#;;J-9#JVH%3NMXPLI):V.I2H5W

M7!06::
QW&*]IRTOY$Z(S^0A%&*^Y#S!=J6D7;*BO
X^)VPMN% 
(=A1EE'G

T[%SS:E?
MB:+I]C'<H.3Q;AN#5D 73BWVLI!]21/9YD)JLAMV-NA1L:3R<4G:XKAZ-A5
MX1NC9G94W#S;^GJH:DXP
&OOE]DK&@]=!#

MP\


M8A/M*JH2QB63PO#(H0FPBFDXD.10C-C$-G%3W!'
4DH9S4GP_EW 2)Y4
M-R$%&WD@E/\-PK*.H
$M$R;#CE1&R9PT?Q^$OP^B.['SE7!ULI7_+4MRG@HF




$%     @
M)(++4N7?*\
EG   B(4( !8   !S96YE82TR
#(Q
#
S



M.RRBEF1)K?WK'Q(@62P500*)+VKM'M'+1'(1(SD4CDQ[_^[Z_;@CS0JLY9





M_OGGG[\7?^T_K?.Q#_FDK[__/Q\_W*0;NDW.\A(HD@(N=?Z'6OSR TN31I!Q

/P


M.L;Y9$K'.'^BCOGC^83N\$4@VIPBJ8E= 5]]X#^U'\*$$TI5P&M5^&!B^K6A

O2_9:6S7G)U463-T^7Y9I5
<GM@CPIN)9N*(!^2YLD+^I;SH_[I!AE







;.^^@

9
HQD\


M9^(_GSOD^$\'Y%[&
7)Y2<D=A!L[0
M[7X@[R0:R^1US6TR2.75H'W@MY K?A)5%VR[J^B&(Y4_4)GZ]):N\Y)F;_C
MUGDCD@G/L[_LZP96]8DV5^O;Y.LUJ^ =]XT57ZW%\%PMTQ:!8I'$M_@D*\G
MOM *%1#GW_

M7I6T 6NY2;Z&U6'!)(N%WN( 9_F^%


MPKBD?:_G+9]HQG3C

#E_^@O*
6 G=UKA959+*(4
M7X$LK0XQ.(6/_K9(641OKG'U%L


MI\Z2%:PMFT-J9E^%X+S

90Z(%TA1[$[_F\M'J@]7<1[Y+CF8N



4(U@O^6F!#Q;

O3LS96C^N8&IF79P7OUS.HA)5#_1IO6\YFGOJ[T :7PQ





M


M-;7$
4H_U&?_NGLZ5.\$U7$IT!9Q.R* _

M3A
(U8Q)Y0/WB+YY%^0^H$\#RP@!&FH/(E)U#[+PC4T_/=GB=Q3P6;C48W


8:!&:F5//().=W


.S7-GQMS
X0
MS5TR]T$4)N-\OZ_@]4@$.&1O]LTGUOP[;:Z3/%/QF^%P+ =J@@E@LHDM6TEV
M$S&7]*_[??8=,=';1(HWP7AF/+@BL.1IKO;$D=FFN/E/3YUUQUM5!_B.7$
?.N$7.65PCI%@E\ SSVBJ
MY)HQ0L4H.


M)OU3(N-LM#2IXF




VN6_A$@2$)#F291FH64M8^Q!?



8B<JOATH .[E4H(&,&*;
MCB90)S:&





MDA-4S55E) JAW7MI2Z1NHYJZ

X-/1+NG0KY$








P RJZL*5$HM4O%=OOIG-N1Y*



MP)*2W^'ET_'[I-K*.@7ODKHYOSB?N&6;#D8I;ET@OK4QX$$ $=)B0L25E?]2
M(D



DAW_2_/T5ES[/K%R5S'()X)T$UKE['D1;@\S






MR^Q\R?ZW]K2(?#BU3R):-XZOGK/M_!0A4
[WIZIBX0L.WD'R@]3#K]I\
M'+ 58I



M+1(K$7_?K&1P1H=)%-'48B.&H:-])QS9YZ3^3%.:/\![Y)_H/14A&!SP^VJ?






F%W17X?
MK6J!D7@S_/8OQ0'+$3N_XQ@G)V5@
4
]A %U(+SG.$]&S/QA6?[

=)KALZ
MTS



M_E+R4UY6+J+92'^JKM8\E$9_D]1YJI!K]#Q(Z3:&%TK&C1'#2'J U2




80EL:-*@C=]


MU/0ME?^]++L* VU''JAFEZ855QX?VMA@;NJHI=%B

$C;K6D%













QANF0/
+]
M$_W:'/0

M\I /-9.

SC+CW5B8I#P[BP'?

$5''2
MMM

M/)!0H2U71Y$;7=2M1

P8*^


J\@YJJ7GD_\XU



]I]D$J9/N\ VU'65LTI6$/]
TR*I

 %#86=!FE#F8+S+5S/D5B)VOA)U48WD -2BS&DT#O&
M7&V#@R I:O?=U2=4N'3GR(#H

MK!.5BGK7D 

'$KB)E# B)G3%2%DJX-/! (K(E%8D0X)\HK?TFOQ
MRV^CR)8.
S$$/2





MFF8729'NY%I\HGV%F[[/128[T)A/K#R_I96V\^TV5?EE6E''3]@G06?N44O
M4'1:7_D$M#AC!KT.W$3MQ:;




!VVF.


M7-'9DS/C;9L!*:_(TB1]SW_W//A2ZUN$.T
YIV\NZP!W#@T)F@C8P?T9\Y1E




;3]ZP:=AG[T+5.4V@TZ_F0Z@H-UWN--D#LC*W/
M]MM3C !82UV4$B3MOB)1GHE?52TJLLC93S;[R=SODDOQZ P@DU5$Z@WNR
3%G='/&MZ^B%-Z;E<-SVFMK7H))[67LSGJ:?PRSM_P)ZX%71 1
M8 .$ .
1-K%H6DD__&L2;Z^L%/8_;F[C)-V\GW_
]UR!=C]$8IFO
9$?TQ

P?\HR667V1U!O5P3;V


MT)?QLOSS)D\W[\J&WV_D*:L*FHP$MO';1Y* G20 4C3%Y6B) KB0?D2TM

3.+R:CP/R+8\2

E 6[%W/7GN'*F7NUSH;$


MO
7
9 (V]9CGJ-/










M[J52@\PSK+6 B^5-NJ'9OJ!7Z^-[;SU7=DQ_()+9Y@'X9KH. S@Q#YV)G[DW




MCM=H]UXA 8MP'8A4JY*4_ZO27)\G63/B

MR;!8BS?OUSSG
 3MO.K1S_0^!^4M _B4:G3\
[06/9XND!(] !6!EI%4J(*2




*G@/J
!6%C2)V5 TL';YA<(S[&Z3IV;&C/8XI%Z9G=^W4CD@

M8C


M.CE.7O@FO\7&IHS-Z3_72\ C;VB9;K9)%?DR-TU79D2LZ*&(LEW9OJJ@3
Y4


M
Z


MAO+K;SY18-[)G.BR+!:P_;]H'?7PALI+4*12K*XV?FA?@+$H-WVUW!GB@=






M8)NO$V[/

+ZS=/P+Y
-[TPG0.H
?4#^
]D$/( QNV!9TQ[9D_0Z.?AP35^
MRV



))UI+N7I

&
H[
M/ (:X^EUL@)$*MLM#(EB/TQQ 3
@3.AZ

9'%TF

MRA1X:3\M*





M(\$3#&WZ!!IQ#72#'9B)BILB:W ;J4D OW=)57(!JL_3=+_=BR
6
$^5E5?U

MVD^&9[IZJ+-3_11$G'-=%%+O$%G:R3ZQ#Y-G^QQQ _/F1U;2IX])]1MMWN_+

&/S[OF\# QE_X]\S7Z
MD!R=U?^YR$_  ]SX747FJ
L




%-ES:?1M\3J3

MLWX&GO\Z
25T(UA6EQ'=/9CNN&IV.CL^^:IQ_FFW[WHG_SQ&
\8@9G+*N$

M)ACO=8Y:/

M_ Y^O VAO



0PI
9W-[/P< W!E;G^TYR[6AZ/U501/+. ^H**W\CHP







B*M;M4DQ;L\UA5A1?J$[^Q+?@
M]I$6#_0C*YN-ZGG$=CK/FODYV!F+2M?F%6KW!R$=IZF^$*97?@%'YD+G_%A

6M
X%,8,SYE56@H/PUM(&UG!

MB\%LUR1#:^Y!Z


@I:&.Z1]A(^3/8:R&\\:;H/@/M
'


YODP24Q9DMK0.KOP[Q#B6[06V1;Q%[Y
R?M)H+/I8T( 1
M2C*UD
&(I:=5(F1RT



.JSG%O
Z&5;8 !'-:0P&(MSK



MTEDS_AG:0W
\G7^W#


:*HA#2^;C+^#YTPWSXLZE.=I']FM<[9NZX=8$1U_3Q3$R


M4202QQ59/CDREHJ*S2
90U



M)+N\20KI-VLS4[/WK'J_;_85O:SK/90:F[\MF

5RBG??5


1K*5E_*PE2*22R=.4









.'4ZM;8
M31O#*O&OFEA@YH@4?WJQ2:I[JMN85&N09=3I^.2^E7

M.@2UMDR.10-*SIS7]7XK6D[44!?K(BG2?2$
P8%$M=]#L4-1*X!K
7AR[0RJ
MJ[)U(
$'HS9*0+@H:R4 ?H$R8#L\1+P .2-YBPL\-M:M;Q)W_Z21AC;+L!



;NXFO =L]@!ZSO=QSQ[

9U.YS_U0T!L\GB7RA=8&[]W-@M!LS/*('8$^S =D5




M
N)F53AY'X


M

MM-E@)[ZL6*V@3WQ:=MV@PR[5A7N+8P
%-B0^K=B^@$0RDZ;8&/('%M=W=9-O





&@/*T3%0$_4LUH1B0T!=


\-@RE09'?K&?E[F/W2_ZQOCBHH$-3_\SM.TVB=%S7_5





M^3SG
'/RA;9HLBP'(4X*Z 9[65XDN[Q)I4Q,_TUUHX9G]6[=.#)9#9?Y:7
M))60XY@@
[1EA@0+S$AO]GDA*J;PTZ#]\7*[J]B#3-.8=/T9C44RF18
WRS7
M01;&;_^/(1YQ_7AF&\&LJ!O/1WU:@D\6P]!U3^N-M_=
3\/QKAZO+BZ7[FS6
MW(EQ/[

_OK'TMPTK
FXGR8+W





48DQ%-:*^C&E4$


.MTL

E#T[34QF1*'0
M!F(BDA-%J]

M[RPG

4H8FY_9NJ!YZZ0[ Q[]Z1%\K#?3/!5C\=N;
MIS=) 5'G-QM*FU\JMM]Q4T2;]32'VW+A#)AP#DJ#+2X$($
Z;!92L$!X[T9

M6^%T
;AB\Y?/NU;P]35





BK
MK

$UIY6S^P].H 6MI:0^!Q#T-
C




MH%D&1U
]N&NV;J[6@VX]&YH]9GM+YA1:;TS

E




@171IXT@ 67

MMLW+'I:#NL-M6QE/Q&J.!0&H/^2XP(#DC*9\UQ(
D1$N:EH\(L%5=3ZGP+
MGAOPDHI%KUD%L3K[I

B7@UE
!
M#KR
\K





J8G*
0$RVU*6Z2J/.
MD7(YK#?9SE9[G'OV]/*=H8!8SKZ]&FOQX0+:&7;1=!=K=_FD-;*KLQ3GR)
M#9


9[W'3\+LKQ'=P

1-S(IXH=



;F




9OEF]
KF1[)@C\']\_2DPI:^1WZ ?C9?/Y??@'@$BYA:E(R;?I$


M]2FZ
NSIE/Z3Q+M0X07HYTF:

G




MU0(SU?Z^.^L^DVP/.1CUZ(4%V=Z626CS&1+'3K)9KA)D,QG!LPW2W)L*!#



KO-?()

/



BO I'HS;/
=H)9D3=XD99=7UM7(]QD[G-T
MH9;Q:4/=3E3P



R4:KH
I6S9^HE5

Y$

#'&K0
%Y2E0Z-Z2'5(/.







A=[$*




YH


L*KE-CIS

M
YMBKCPG*+T




MD\MA@FFX//#[%%2TO&#;75(^Q8A?F^$:9D+'T(IWO]TFU=/5NL_LDR?$/2VU

M-6WJ3ZRYH;L$A+)XXA1F50




UT@1(GP!/
OW
MD!^
V6E A
)
-AR--)LUH81*]-!$!Y

=D@=^T(E+R,2*!Z0!X[[-@<C^LJ\;*5PE3;E&@W<7;K1GM((*J5M
MVAPS*

='465+(N^5I(69C$MH?LG7=U_I


HIP!


R^
M!:(#3@;0X?U:-\
NP()PL@$0:W@'%H&P Y&@W8JS WI1&J9H
11#$#7P;?7/


#OQ$O2WR(A60PKH^6N.\'


M3]M2_(&3DT7)+6;3\3#DA^T7^D*!OH&+RNF/*5F!X^!M:X.* E*3@(:!)$+C


@B;I3U9?9$&?XG[=WX3'V*=A;3QK9]+



M5=-




MQ%N][.U=60;PD641-Q;769X&F[[[M#F/:E?*[D?A[N4#=D]%!2G)(#^6A/BN





W(G*I)XAVA:-.?)
_FJ6!*?)1XC2=SS$OIPJD7.5#3+$;$DY7?*WOC!&

??\*FFV

MFC$2%W J



MWGVV;Q?A.DB^I9[H\A $:='EV(_+H%NB@RYQ Q
U^C=2O;;H%5Z41?$5X*
M=W%3GQ^$];&O%


M8\#=6-]C5




PDZR8$&LO?3S4!5@



-G(\ZEGT%M\G(#\TXY^'KN@MH-&Y

.



XI&F&+YS\-/WN:?Q9_4NH?AQ.;Z.:9/R2$(6=\U


M(]AH4._WQ3#&W(O(RA&.:1\K12SWP_;3_=W#E
(U
Y]2.O:-0G=S@!DE8_Z!
MQ
+
:[UE(
M6
*_J@N9)S0O2W*^BUF6?5
=OH[\*





7^+@^554KUF)Z


MNM%P!X)ERF9HPG)E


M









P/BJGI+.+Q.Y@RD


M/L





DY&=$/5V)=I63'BIF) )BGULE(GQE2X;<AY/!S=BQTFA3\[V:$5




M)/&;Y;4S4E_2SK9$FNNT
FO;Z1LZPRO$7X*R*Z2\%,=#C73@%&IM^_<0Y6EX9+21@W5@1I_(J^0=SR


M-B;=RW9B1A\+DBSE8]/8

MR^ XS3XA1I_/.;-6W3;8C;HFR\:=4L9QEZZBUK;WYJ)WV%JICQI^*B20

MX!/6W8QD*LHBXV]&5V'
436-M09
$/8S309MD

P0'6(M
MVR'XZU;

#&[%8%1

7;GU:UVU@Y:1]O:F-J@=E9Y859!




FF(:/-QF\&R@,9-LS\^G;DL\7]N<&R%RQU+)VM[J]8 .GJ:]1WH!\<JRAW


4CS$]@%(6?EP':9
%YILPS


9 <YS&;S3B/+M<?
M*!91H.'5TV#';V5(6(8Z2BKP$YPO$X'8L#].H[

M
M5U=M/A&+
3I4\4Z0.B!]^K(Z-5
Y*ZH=H6MA(MJ?#Z?:F.
9?-Y)A/E^Q5

M6U+
SH&@GVDWYN_U
MR.E87AK=O#7JS)Q38+Q/
Q#IXE1F-'VA4R




M\57XF
IJKD\YV_STS&[B(








-M&$)U2#@?LA6V_

9NW0Q+$#&AEE](6


#HBB8\Y!9-^;D79'O&#S%
M)6!F^.K\V
 VE(89.GQOHQ?*JW6F]&%[760PARP#2FG^L

ME \=\U&ZNHM6H4WE)MD-#Q1\+B5AXOZI01JZ#&KB5N2SN/_E228EA2ORS')/
MJ5A:@LQ




M)MBE*6*SPK-



 MP&Y_@K
M(N9-LW[D :+%SJE1@G'![$A3$?(+!'+*

3




+L4T'TLO/\#3'()RO\1',COQT%\6TLUS&T)9PG .
PJ#('KF?SG$YQ%SUMJ31JK
M)% =\%R)D<19_4$0.WE(?,C.$%O9+'[9EY,;^/,A?6:OYS$=$T;JR$@-S;F$
M(&K4,(C<GW1TL+-+-OKX9%\RN 9[2'FCE633_WX:'JXC(V<@G0M*]2XJ*? G
M+7W<[1*90;99E)OGX.M]

M/=+1]?-

M98U%R_T'&L?_F;#7Y(D&&;Q



_#\G?SCTUDC

MNA*+$CD1V



)7-XU9;
M4/[.K







2A0N


EVGTO#
M9Y3^_=NV/U?4I'R]85*#-1 U=V@9IM4W9U\3VD!02PL9FII6#__5OS[A'-$G
M?)-D;'



M?'C%SBMV7K'SBIU7[S0:KQBYQ6[9L5N&'+C#[W/EB$2D]5BC BVQNRM*

' FF7^@SJXW4SKYMY

MGR@DUUE\Q39  Y5=335C67WW'I$$QS?L=R(@6]N.0B/'!D;AFY::Z7MBPPN(


TX;R&G\NV9TKK]&JS!;HI:[3-1
Z\[[ Z7I_\K8Z?F(




MIJ


1F-





$7_L[#7 PRW4RP U7I-;H
M*?QZ_76#







WN8(*+@ND3!9D@L3NG[=



JB7
M 7X #\J?\ )Y@G[B?!@-N[X+LQA\48H;&Z#^8QBMD@R1+;OM^$VWX60)60#T
M




1+M@5ED0YBIM5


MZTZ@@-GF7



M4% 
C7)%.5)$310CY(HNH @-)
)1QJU' Z'%5Y[1




M%?S&


M


_+A0._*
M-T^Q=AXLKB#DO5Q0I$861U6-V6UZ@RO3X)V-0^UC::';%:RZEY )U=
5=




&W(J62%URN]X]5K




NC7[\
M/SD9

R\(Y2L:
48*(SXB;].4A12)'TBRBG


M8;9$M]F!ZGN2L*. W6X9Y;2&;B ]HI$\XAN-_4/;^N\&'4@WW]5\&$D$N\



M\


U ;Q+CKOHO
N.N^B\RZZ41[I%0H#;YY#


M\
O+M/IWGK!#XYY=&4F4;

Y)&CI8S9\S
8;
M.'S
Q@Z1\XC9Z+[Q
=Q2Y!PH/F?Z#3;25A^L8%QQ!2P)#[-8XG8NZ@!TW$@8


MU#22OO'^74!0GI#J5YLTS*0+%0F&&#=UHY

G[ '.=+\[1T-VKUJ$61R@
MKQNF&NYA!*M5
H..K&W)D^:5
-T5S=BV8!
Q7WQ
XB^(YK
L_H1)ON+_OD]#



M#6H[%LV[R3RFI.%D![6=NNG'%3Z

M61PG'&MV7.W7'[W82DU3Y]M







M






5*/1W
G^DS([TOT/LO2]0NS51
M^@K<!')<90@L'0(+*X@!/'TJ D[[CA]5'9:ES+KCK*Z^?L%DRSDP=BEG'%
MS:.XD^0L:HZ#U1*M +?7NH*/]QEZGZ&ZSU#1L#&VJY FRRQ9)!'/M NC!?\
M49%EL
YDH
MEQK2U2R+^7]X<-<+VQ(9ENIOC:4@KUDHD*2\W^U<=3=PPP?E(%:*1C J0%T
M

M?4L.R*E
7Q
)R2')VE-[Q%Y9.L-P;@]C+ STV8D-_#M$#SQ=Z;=9OQ^
3U

;^&:&C
M]0'C3'48 QR?4-(AQ':TGBK]1L.N[DF3MJ$QP_H@-*2U5G_+.C/]=T+Q\
MG ?1B2;XY=B3EE3'
9(X$R$F'S-;?*P_=3=P0@792U*_HYO:1-FZ^B/)%]=
M
JC9P4R@G*D

< ]^-!!7@L;[!V!1H OUC%).G*)I+#IX]@ZTH$A?2*@EGK
M78FND(1'WCT#!LKRXM5R0G8.<% 6?XNMAQ0
IX8
$*6/YLMAQ#


9$;9B6'P^.4?WE
MU89CY)20W3MR XZ;4S*WR@/A\0IZ;J?#QP.FE



MK!NPN][;
;P=XVSM&% !$BM+:*X@U6WND!+&7;$]5U JH*O*_B-84BT/[

MO#G1E#D1





OZ*1.?*DNP^#=O%M*@]0TN+^.[V]A9O

3VG:E;Q]N;@5934
#)?EKT8#X%(2JXV8

DO^PEB^(?&+\W0TM-_
MHI#(XC3*YVU ^$#U;2;D4 G ?J.;Q8?28EV^7D\_4^D'I$&]S?I&5B&3@M@2






1CGK(3N9T=5^*G/F\H!]B^$7\3K3V5)5
M5X





MP+=&=MH-1K'7!#5K@G4


2*.*
X:XN[-@P_=#FEG#0N,W@'4QP43!%J')-[?YYN]X0_%**%<WWF%)?
M [Q=AG3%:./_N?ZK2%[E)



(ZOW)9YV\



BUJ$Y)


$][!VNX 7PN&


M1L#(_&@W
MUK!98#X
I*D;'VP:(^7)%.(
@



MAX)B ) KRI$B:J)(&%=T 45H((D.8(A^L1NB

+2CA^L4!H'TPRFZ1



M'S5KH(O

7TAFD)5PFW
MC2=


M/:Z*HDR@5U0T*RJS*
)%EM
'%*'DA9_%OZ


C$F)#A=(




MW/+9)=RX8@.&[12).]P58
1O@$]JD#(7UVB#1$]P-/A_
:33:*TGN-6KQ&



?]^+C7CHH-EV[D!-2L*]M:_-8:8L.HSR)$#W\K;R1

MU*X&8%EAU15







KGO 18P(L]_
P! 20L.YDA)EQ!S\<YBD+:MSQ%USCC&G!AU'C+
M[#F^EM:LSX/*;U\6:^Z&3U[0]6*!HMIU.%_
8KPIC['XWP4M0WM:2Y^K#F$+



M9#@7MC62D


5A*+)@Z-M(J$U973::.%=P$



LK0Y%V-NI- 2EF#

W

IL-8PW-DI5! *W4?LX( VB9




3_Z=^=C=8S.

MH!T








P']7!X3LG6;]/E*R1




MQ-/:OKPPD/8]E  12-C6).V5*%FO#FX./PC(7:P(NAI=4\T$TIVD?X6BE/VG
M+5L'V-LB#N^82)/$I96]^D-#G0R)GA9Q=A^2.2D-(G%EQFG6\N0Z6\1?=5G6






O6XL1/  =+EJZ(WQ#P\#A



M\PA_GHP_1]JELY/ E_EGA8X^)H'$)?06*R29L^5][GRAL/P)Q*=*X/P(3:
MGF05X#

P!Q5HCK#R
VQ)*TSC/54U!G/

S._#DG&

M-QO(A'6\X@5TB!JZ:TQKI9:M62XEL-7*+I.+@ATDB(H.&T#[_L862O(C0PO[


#9X=#9-6^Q?BF.9C8&]171E



ML2N)[7HFRQ=
8QVM?=!
MFX\5LT_.%Z_F7KA*.MO[P D?..%XX 3

H2ES%Y3QT1&KL=*PK
K(FE!QY
M(3N)BD!RQ=)7D2L(C6Q$P 
;2%V9ANY0


\IC4XM1/

DMN[@#GU2G+6@


L8+0XC ^S6J 2A
N0*


ERYLOQ7!DIQ^C%(/E
M(/E2#$








.(0Y;KG?;+ X;0D(H<
N)8N$7M:-?7S%7Q=X04%2$ATP*/5(P+)?

4

X713J+
MHM*K]( BE+R4[MF\!EMD824QO#M[SPO0^IO*_?M(1+W)U=O9AMB?P F2LO

CD/#=@FO$C)TSR^

O1/%#9G

;0PT?

G_;2Z8]@UZ+U@['X\7^S






M?2VTI_#K YN




]OW^<C&?CZ:X0H

_G1:3SGY&N?(QS9.-1[7$EN]#G\\G]+G3+8+EW0^N8-
=$PUS





MN@


M
$G+ P4R71[/6E7'@%?.6#R%7T_H!O0P&G(OH&OV3'


7* %
M)KP221I2FBR2.HKC4(:$#=:^5

KCN+C


1&_&L\(BU$*5-P%990(Z

F
MIW3L(.RK!4=)SROC=Y6UNKXHL@_X?R?*+\/D[@%#=GNYC@\S8#9D2EFK*N7
M$7[HBO__]5]%\A*F?$^(+:.DH@=7_P/[*I]_8NCEHS^M(C9(KQ*Z ;3
/V-

M0^UQ

ML'%VY6WEZ@--(4C1)*TXXYZIPS;)XOV!6 83=$V

M-$SGB_H7-5NB4

M;4???'&5\-

MP3[P(/W6+NY$Y.NBMMALTI*2

%E7+JV.*9#K[73&0?L:].D%/KW



MZNC+1+111%

B
M.)C*

M8$=PP 0;M/MEF




MS_NXK&8;IIR_%%



FV5:DI5P*.Y/25
ME-&R;.@3N')$O!IJ2.4&PXE7(DQ63]!Y@#IA# 477B&9@!PNKAB+FCM6B+


M@G;#T
'VQAT.
Q$)C4WT9LJJ[FA8'FR_\V+D(


M\VFG]+:^L&:


A-6GPT]F?DJ%%=]'@XILLDH-*
4*J7VW2D$\;8O\J 4VBX+FB-H@P54[




M4U.U53HT[4RDZ**9-?&/U'H[O@X[OIY#S!OXO8'?&_BM
/!;^Q('7 +7MTSL
M!Z=3M-:72V _.!*:D08[ONW6*XTKL]8;^'BD5$%SL@F#]$VQC9H1CBC.$UB
M;F,/GJLWK@/*'[F6,4P1AG-P BFQ1L*AS$4#J1$GKPO*:XW+FYLD/H'%*'D

!U$7





ME648/HX)GAO?:/T'2N
%YH&]S0])*O8VP]]!N+M



KG :(T*YB2#?=I/?V

MT#*Z.PR.W1W

M9Z -4O\QC%9



4@[JXC%1WQJF4L]F51%RU!20?;* OZ7(*
C:E1,$C!$\+\^5DP6^
M?&3CJS46 QC__47XAHL

M\5DB @.CK3D;DXX-AY5Q12F!5#/A; %:.&%.='B+V-MG=EQ:@B(E$^P!63

M)MHOI(K\A2 WP8OB*CHBMRE1PR\K587-E7TBNHL[JB/C%J L@(JV:Z(BW)





^\ 0NGR;P(.\R9@

MB#[BPTER4GVDNX



M8Q'7S55O=E:





#XHR%

=+(]OA_M'8T[P

MC3Z;R_3 ZQ&3I&]S&CBRI&$$!9*[8HM1.[^$4=!.GV!MG

6D

G5^9X1P%[P-:K-=

MUSNY2EZ2F
W%*8&JPZB%6
OQ\;I8BP('+0.

Y:SPIU!;N)3I
2AVG6=)JA&+ <5WGT]



M%W90W' V[WRP?G-TI(T]MLG?!\R63E*-F4L^2.*E(6Q!5M7YV?LARYH6 Q

AQL_]%CE_Q


Y[+\17F9)N5DH
M6I9-=G]C:G2X7)*JCGOPO TV!

;@
MQ=?UTES7ZS+

A3_CI:HO'[H1\1/RQ
B($V'H6:5;.ZK]2&DI+79(%2PT^T_





H31


M5I@]]WOB-:4=['3TLH&?Z[\*=O)\1/D*






QL




0[XI @.
#%\M_
MK?#)JI*[3[8OHZX0![C)4SY3=P+80&)



LE^L8JW^Y_PY
M39;E*0AF[4W/X =G.?O1;LYV7J;[



M6!U;S7.QT_[^&D?/VU%_/0&D01SB87DEEJ$975PYU:-)$MM__9!5&#!5D-







J41












M&U6O
P&V&V!N YF=-6YMO:

M=_?L7HR239CNMA& J=8^AGEY2)8KMLD_4U2&K@!2ER5[&^;O#\1)1/&


M &

B$F9Q





UE5(W






\QG'%Q(/XT[BV^PRW1YF(KY@O0QPLON
MN.*1V)_0E\
















M@$$#3JB%XV*IMMQ_R;1FV\QF8JO0&[-# 
$[*]3(86'!HGA'!PFO@!EW&*

O':E
EVO

%^I] G7D@VYT5FH_(BJA_+#)=M&:']



4CA#+)) 37O7KCW5LU\/\U$D+D=1G/VT




WBV\^+_??SUS!^J

)8RC
%;_[^WIKR_R5
99/TE'

F)Z,!M'$AJ-DUAMX'3#RY<X(I7
M!_X4!H&*S2=X[E
Q4FGH\X0N\U

#_Y^\C
M.=AXTY=1IEZ_J+1QAU:/8UCSZ1$TF\KH!.3$Y2]JNO&FC?^SOW^PO5_3!?;R




BRY
1

NTE6:RVZSALX\R_2K@

MLKFGAG!X7$2J?RMOX.PI=4-%A&

M7)Q_%G!VG



V

M9M1#(?[^G'Z!)T/



M*Q&3)/%0^8D*5*&%3)4$/@E ^P6*/[MM8@&R#[1@66:K4\LPSV]KDO^:8!X!
MCMDQR0^ZNYO[H)8_/9O\# [#-

4TDR[6PZ


ZX
?2[W?'FY9



XDV$!]
MS.M(*7TJJ]]96QB]LY\H,:G<9_= ZM^3J(ASF5*&2)H]11(OIN%DJB\.D/(





M
OO


V9):!H


7*7$9D-0@.R9




==^_


CIG
MAR ?

MYWT$GM+3[1#/P9I.\#\W8HWKL=_F_6]E6.X



D_Y7L(9 (]VL

P\





^Q0L\/VUL

MD[

!X\$%'FID'B$#]3E%)\Q.S_-&-*8IR=H0/$ER+UAS+C
M#+=CSL






M$


M*B



M0I9])=1\AEV $



G$M
$9!6&_




M37M4*83X7) V0OK=)SI/#PE




M#+XX!J[HI


L0;ZS#FH#J!H0EY=*V:]K*5:3&
M0UQ6



J

MEZHWU8





FEEI(#2/FG!AM*&8KWR
MO=B]7J]FZ0

M[T4H4#&KE*MWR'[.KB
^$0GG)$UBK47RP


*C
ACW8


_12
AHJS%^;$N3F9Z/Y8:EM5
MTCF$667=_):2_I-

70'E7[8LK)!F K@P;
MK\








MFM=Z^M6;'QK&#F]]&-2V

MR+4
'@[[H'?C'7
$XQ2Q1)PQ@M7\CT7-#!%^

?

M7VN1








Q5^MD;8^4/X8A

5RCQ06'+Q%PMI0A+RO7##%%'-!XPJ@#X2JD#6)T0

*R






MP

MHV:YFZ]N_E6C%-X];[3=Y(TVK3:M-JTVK3Y:JTVXI





M7Y0
UK^

RC&LD2WCF
18F1(K
MRHV41 ]5OXA:XCR56&0'2YE$4T]$T#F\Z\-8DI%*
RQ'=$$%+8%00(@+K/21
M?$7_EM U2
*TK
1C*C_:'T4Q]A
JNL
%4ZC*3^8T@A53^HB\K+!$Y86*DK&B


I5B%4XLB#B5:0!$\+\*8#JNT2IC_JD?IB.J213F7
L6*(#ER+FD

M8DW@'

NC(+.ID)<<3N9RU%S5
M-875'

M6]B+A 9*




@8PNFY2KZPWLJR[/+*-X5BX'T:-:






MY+Q(JIIXQA5*3 (;!'PK*"PE^#^/

MK&I=!HEBCR([H 1^AQ80ZNB@+HY#; 9_0YVC2-&*3MB/-.55KW:8VLUOC=(8

M?@BF 3E0LK!'.Y W

P@T.T9J4/

26E(_4@*4ZN@YUO$-]



MBSZ&B%(M$9 '2@^


M47CHX$!5



M&R4O'R %;N*Y7AD',#X::.](3 N,$9#.Q[8ST!*WW[F *H8N1@MZ[_:GBF


$.7+H)J/A1\
MIM L[T[]&RXVK3C'=9\ZQV$
_;NR6D/EQZ%RNQ$HZW6$/38//2-W;U)DG-R'



4\UP^O?6@&X^THZWO;OG[6X_





MD




M+*M@XX
0+5PI!A


8PQ]1!9V?\-2!KY

M16S!X@RR4F5U&1V2:PYP_0(+M'?5V+T;M0;#R!&*!M:+D9!B0JI#!2FBS?
M

M!+O\


&G&!/B-P?(Y9]:L':


MUE1:@[AZCS*FDMZ.
=@8F0%
)!L%QV98@WB*%0DUVT]?7B2
\*0WF7
F._:.
MT7&D1@O44

9W%1



M1:HC=U4LWR_2S%6L


MX+PG8U)'3
E0%J5&G2LKL5EYA-K7W)'K

O
MDJ@8E?X-HW[S)$ Z85NPJS
KBFJDO99


I0Q&:-F

1@

MA2/2@S5$ILLJ=4NS7*E(/LR=KN.Y%?2^++GJ&8,$/@= ^1P,;PLG*QZTNC

VJ:$(UX]^%HQS+#(RSA0 G-W92)]NBCUFK)%T7%%.A\-GZ
MIMZBF[&TTR1C-<E8ZY&,M4ACHE0$L!RQ ])O_P#)3NZQ
KBK6NNRL J''W^

M*#4$KF;
YPR6R!MHR6P.C*$


6
C/ZJU$EF8]95]K%
M


M+H;



 .
'#

M


E@F'JD.;CR@J

M.N5/!SQJY.:


)


GNJ
M&



MG\V3



2-L SX=];3


]
M9)T%$:6OV(




M



M
YA3IMU@7)0

^VM?A









MY!LQAI4X[01'[H)\S?0]A%[HNB.MWA7W\$JQ4BL^%DN;$I#17)\W9@.OI/7?

8TN% FZ8+NE')N'VY!Q-CAZV=YR
 HJ #@S58^



MN&&5J

QTEJ&B8=@%&G@MNK/*6P
ORIK





((7GKN'

[XZBSY 
/47'QUHEK4?14$2;



M(.T/N 0C_ZA \IAU/H2+
D
;NJK;
A^


DI&K@4:Z
M0-Q ;


]&B
M(8:A.6$&(PX6[N7
WJ_.M-N;=E%+G.'6
J/0V[HY5!XTBF"TL)KH!42Q?
MCYQ
VMUR?K4



5/+Z^'&


WEW:







MGX8G8+^-X!AP8P-)Y:H/PT@@ DK(:!DBHWV



B_ :$QJL&=
B%67!2MC3?0#QCQD5-AAE BP!:+7

MQRH' [S.Q&GJE&N)=5]%.19H$+=^G(-0Y=F:7C2[G6+QH(1@YX5*:)6A
M=SP.?*0CI[:7790I

?U;
MXE?T?I)SMO.CO4#&I?Z




MW:%7EQJ.

435+<Y:[J#O:IZ@UXH=D-:!^]11NFV]

1
B?*GINR@2
N$

MJT;ETG4*$\BADQB6(\=





^5(US XSVPD










M2+7W]E'5EU.G)K1-
Z B![S0N-6(48E?N*@G6P_6

DTG&2ZBO^U31[-V?N2?A@RAP(BG=-RYBDEE
L

ML)FR\B@S.
+X

0B_&V
QS
@




M

C)_YMQ5&N&+D+S@'-!F$W:[6^EU44\6&H-^H#!L




M!S?9Z(L'4-GTFF6KA=6P)HG;'%_4'H:]L.+HL8=Z)2.L9



M$^7.Z]PE=Q
Z\ZX7?17EY:/O+5T(BB+!/VVT-P0&6

MME5(&;\8.[R$;G[XQP__^






)P4CH#M[EC=[2K;[!HK
M3$-\F4$U?/O$^9:
Q#EQ1E=7Z9PF%D/+FZ7?5/NGG8\6A0'.?;X2L


MNN'X]I%68VH\3W.[CV (
/_K3DSX.\5:ZHLZ%UW]P/[0E8H_?F@27]NTI^7
M)?WYVUTT# -(?C2ZI$A59]#D N1[K(V3666;[NJ5CNR@1H4:2,=TKA'8%




MS$&#AG\]BO$5^K9LJ@8RY1)E92
T+YP-6:4D;75\(M#N'5.M#P9**]93V 1


MFWZ(?GI]1C71U_(P5D#YJ\*O
?2CE@A
#-!/O#%#@ VOY5Q+Z#8*BOV0%K

X



M;#_+-/?$Q] ?A@
2BYF<!3F

M6%U(CWI!:/E&IMVG];+;:&MK0


M

M?T7MK4QE+TE J(495DH)&YEVKQ&S;A/X7 
R=M;ILM3Z*VIOJ?) (]

MB+0UH&)GB4ZF1E&[7J8=R5$/7A3'

M^T
UHNW!7
V-:%L'
FZU&ZUMI41;-(6F&Z'V4!@VR^-L;LAX]TSJ[CJEX#X!

M/6348&MYKMTT9+R[6-M9'L6[T=BN%VN?Y==^J*+&O?908FV)
*(;
MZ=C%YW
MKW&PK9)@.PW'21
-?0+H7 T9[WY_:IU$V@)=K6:ME_&K1J1?+])?]]Y\2N+-
M]TD2B ^P ./7+WIOKI;K#[-)OZ55F(1I& ??--XL]HT;;PS:F_CITA 5/^RE

MX=(0L5&DKA=IAU%/QM

MU1&0C%S8STPW-^G%(?Q?19:'_6FUX_.ARI3H2S^
$1FT&@_287ZNPC'(Q7G

!

M990EOP=3[Q%E0^42[&Y*8[CBS!-8KT4IVI01,2U'BDX8=S'/D@W2(%H*5)+
MJ,H[$1%S7!)S:=;RD?;_4@W&.+M91(HRRB(/\(_XDSV%:C:[\+
CQ+4=)=1

?=:)&Y:^H_-U&Y6]4_D;EGY&V7PY/S\7)R1
4EN:8W5FF


M?8A?==O=CCB,XX+,GG&2YIY QNFV7YT-R3%.]#XIWZ1?.W@L-LW))LS2<?(



FP9=(



-&&D8XWX$




M.1X^ ?E^B&'Z#)Z
8'^EI$2@O/69*T!1




Q=.]GV6I \%3W/%NM_\YDZC8BZ-&A$

1L6\0L4\Q!@&:)D8[7F71)%L5

M[N.S&EUO-[9



.MI\N$5?8ZEB_6U7?KMH_6&7&I53MNU:U[[[H'C2J_;W*C
Z!M]-N
M+Z70:@BY^@?/:M!P*=7!G4YKY]$JGS9$;7;ILA.TT?$;'?_IZ/A/RWV_977\

Z(VN[31
M[!LRWHB

Q2C8FEWKW@&:O^\[6+:



K

J7WM7FK?\^ 8
MYC

M'JX$IW+C
.Z0VS@X
]1C






M8P%?9J1SDQW& 2I9
@UYJE6AF^&

M$P$DI7

WL1%N0;IO


M51J0O12]*DNN9'5-#H/&8]RY=




)MK^TZ']EN3?UI_=LH_AV_S@L?SLDT4SO5O@0

M
__]E]VVM?-YKAN%L.$+[3@


(0#\9G+YWP1SVL2?WA\_
K

M2S\'M'@/X#T76? \Q&( DG/_$C@#6  '!_P 9NC.%;=1O$$B? F;$@O8)/


A&X@ABQE-]C



M21@ BUI\CQ(*/(2OPRLK&N=)FP80^DGL0+T'*F3&AIX-2R98T,'4Q4!^/^

/4$7Z\G0



M4

+X]EN[!

!Z%^D@?O #SNBJ!T45.EF;=:U$4A5(





ZE&^7N




F=:F1U_J1<Y"F<W<)OV<W_40.=D7QM/2OBM<RUGPGV!A;,UJ4P28





M&V.)JC*FMA/8\0U2S\8. W\*'1F6=$C%5*5RL1P\(SW]Q(=FX'R-=%8BA4/
MDZ6G64[3Y)8
NKS9K7%7'P28R^EA@D7GWW/%%P^6Z3E J$.UPY9N#!-$ B




54DZ@#^!&=XX$
57

M



M_.W%3Z+H#'PA$2:I8O[_9?[?-(_)-H_9
LUC3)5&59K'/$^]=.;PWLQA@[K7


 K@TB#(.6I (EDAU1L%-N='!#
&V@8<&'M8#'BYF@2^ZEU?L





.BJ%:S;&=6F?W0

._

.YK

2KLTL(









M#E3+*UVR5=P-!O#CH

ML/








M5 ]R?69/9)]9([)&9*LDLONJ_7)/ME_6:


M%

M+W#++D.9GL!K[QA[N3PCU5ZU-

;N[M[F[@8=%*!_6O3/SN:&^-FQ D$^;&#[3G
4W23




MJWF



MIY+3[O*HESOS;ZG!'-M&-]?:
9I6-TW;7'5
:6UV=G8V]ZR]EF7M[;1!T_[/




T26_W=-)+?G+([/JX6&1N2@2N)\:1# XH

M%+1N(2JV6M;NCY;5 2-NS;2]GXHFTQ$+%X$_!'?4&W&JC]KWO3AD%R[ YY?
+ 
)6P;)31*.%T)M^NAA#*#




ME2'B.R


)^ZV)DZW_!6OQ
'AW
')$%OJ?#^%+
M@*Z-9AC-F*89%=6+S;GU(BP5\[W6MA%S(^96JQK(IWERUF
G5$S+_F?_\A3^

*V19E

7(00U8
\1HKPE^^LLXF^8

&@O+(#R:

R'?
M8K2V$/K%R*]\VE:GV?EK20#W.86O.!40&+OZ.SHH

M=7)^EH5^K[GF2W(1KA1DL[3LI2S*:_X/B5+?)Y535]3W@.V)4_'%M0T
09
M4



+I[RY*)]63W!-.C@A=&!P;!&2JLOI74R





 /.OC5A)6[H





8C#)&^2V$7LC
M]C5R2/
U$A%.-&)='*7E#^XXEEH:C%Y]'AN
OA)L

M8'D'/_O^8 (N

%\R-30T.#$N:'1M4$L! A0#

4      D@LM2&'\[W/H'  5/0  #0
M    @ '6C@$ 97A?
C4T-#@S+FAT;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 2RU+:Q]P&JP0

#(Q
#
S


C$P
M
S

#(Q
M
#
S

M         ( !8T\# '-E;F5A
C R
3 S
S%?
3!K+FAT;5!+!08     #  
+ /4  TVP
    !
end



