

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-20-014526
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20200331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20200702
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20200702
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Seneca Foods Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FRUITS
 VEG & PRESERVES
 JAMS & JELLIES [2033]
		IRS NUMBER:				160733425
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-01989
		FILM NUMBER:		201009572
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
		BUSINESS PHONE:		315 926 8100
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3736 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MARION
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14505
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP /NY/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PIERCE S S COMPANY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19861210
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SENECA FOODS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780425








	
	








 D.C. 20549





 2020







(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)




			
			
			
			
3736 South Main Street
 Marion
 New York
			
			

 including area code

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			










			


			


			





 $.25 Par


			


			





 $.25 Par


			


			









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.








 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.




 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes &#9746;&nbsp; &nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;
















 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and &#8220;emerging growth company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.:


		
			
			
			
			
			




 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&#9744;






 2019 was approximately $194
326
000.


 2020
 there were 7
383
993 shares of Class A common stock and 1
733
902 shares of Class B common stock outstanding.




		
			

			



 2020 (the &#8220;2020 Annual Report&#8221;) applicable to Part I
 Item 1
 Part II
 Items 5-9A and Part IV
 Item 15 of Form 10-K.





		
			

			



 Items 10-14 of Form 10-K.







 2020 (fiscal year 2020) is being filed pursuant to the order of the Securities and Exchange Commission contained in SEC Release No.&nbsp;34-88465
 dated March&nbsp;25
 2020 (the Order). Seneca Foods Corporation filed a Form&nbsp;8-K (the Form&nbsp;8-K) on June 12
 2020 indicating its reliance on the relief granted by the Order.


 the Company was unable to file its fiscal year 2020 Form&nbsp;10-K until July 2
 2020
 and therefore relied on the Order due to circumstances related to the coronavirus pandemic (COVID-19). COVID-19 has caused disruptions to the Company's day-to-day activities including the temporary closure of the Company&#8217;s corporate office and other locations which caused certain employees of the Company as well as members of the audit engagement team to have limited access to the Company&#8217;s facilities and support staff. These disruptions impaired the Company&#8217;s ability to perform necessary work on the fiscal year 2020 Form 10-K and the financial statements include therein by its original due date of June&nbsp;14
 2020.
















		

			


		

			


		

			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			
			

		
			

Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

			

		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			
			

		

			


Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


			


			


		

			


Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence


			


		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		

			

			
			

		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			


			


			


		
			
			
			

		

			

			

			






















 in some cases
 can be identified by the use of the words will, anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, seeks, should, likely, targets, may
 can and other expressions that indicate future trends and events. A forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made and reflects management's analysis only as of the date thereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. The following factors
 among others discussed herein and in the Company's filings under the Exchange Act
 could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business
 suppliers
 customers
 consumers and employees
 costs and availability of raw materials
 competition
 cost controls
 sales levels
 governmental regulation
 consumer preferences
 industry trends
 weather conditions
 crop yields
 natural disasters
 recalls
 litigation
 reliance on third-parties
 wage rates
 and other factors. See also the factors described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report
 and those described in the Company's filings under the Exchange Act.










 frozen and bottled produce and snack chips and its products are sold under private label as well as national and regional brands that the Company owns or licenses
 including Seneca&#174;
 Libby&#8217;s&#174;
 Aunt Nellie&#8217;s&#174;
 READ&#174;
 Green Valley&#174; and CherryMan&#174;. The Company packs Green Giant
 Le Sueur and other brands of canned vegetables as well as select Green Giant frozen vegetables for B&amp;G Foods North America (&#8220;B&amp;G&#8221;) under a contract packing agreement.


 2020
 the Company&#8217;s facilities consisted of 23 packaging plants strategically located throughout the United States
 one can manufacturing plant
 three seed packaging operations
 a farming operation and a logistical support network. The Company also maintains warehouses which are generally located adjacent to its packaging plants. The Company is a New York corporation and its headquarters is located at 3736 South Main Street
 Marion
 New York and its telephone number is (315) 926-8100.


 the Company has made over 50 strategic acquisitions including the purchase of the long-term license for the Libby&#8217;s brand in 1983
 the purchase of General Mills&#8217; Green Giant packaging assets and entry into an Alliance Agreement with General Mills Operations
 LLC (&#8220;GMOL&#8221;) in 1995 and the acquisition of Chiquita Processed Foods in 2003. The Company believes that these acquisitions have enhanced the Company&#8217;s leadership position in the private label and foodservice canned vegetable markets in the United States and significantly increased its international sales. In August 2006
 the Company acquired Signature Fruit Company
 LLC
 a leading producer of canned fruits located in Modesto
 California which was sold during 2019. In 2013
 the Company completed its acquisition of 100% of the membership interest in Independent Foods
 LLC. In April 2014
 the Company purchased a 50% equity interest in Truitt Bros. Inc. In 2016
 the Company acquired Gray &amp; Company and Diana Foods Co.
 Inc.
 each leading providers of maraschino cherries and other cherry products. The plants acquired are in Hart
 Michigan and Dayton
 Oregon. During 2018
 the Company purchased the remaining 50% equity interest in Truitt Bros.
 Inc. making it a wholly-owned subsidiary. During 2019
 the Company sold its Lebanon frozen packaging operation and its Marion Can Plant. During 2020
 the Company sold part of its Rochester
 Minnesota Plant and exchanged its Sunnyside
 Washington Plant for part of its investment in CraftAg. Also during 2020
 the Company acquired a plant from Del Monte Foods in Cambria
 Wisconsin.



. The Company&#8217;s annual report on Form 10-K
 the Company&#8217;s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on the Company&#8217;s web site
 as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. All such filings on the Company&#8217;s web site are available free of charge. Information on our website is not part of the Annual Report on Form 10-K.


 the Company's website includes items related to corporate governance matters
 including charters of various committees of the Board of Directors and the Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Company intends to disclose on its website any amendment to or waiver of any provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC and NASDAQ.




 secondarily
&nbsp;the packaging and sale of prepared food products and third&nbsp;is the packaging and sale of snack&nbsp;products and finally other products. The first three&nbsp;segments constitute the food operation. The food operation constitutes 99% of total sales
 of which approximately 74% is canned vegetable packaging
 7% is canned fruit packaging
 10% is frozen fruit and vegetable packaging and 1% is fruit chip packaging. Prepared Foods represents approximately 8% of the Company&#8217;s sales. The non-food operation
 which is primarily related to the sale of cans and ends and outside revenue generated from our trucking and aircraft operations
 represents 1% of the Company&#8217;s total sales.






















 frozen vegetables and other food products. The products are sold nationwide by major grocery outlets
 including supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 limited assortment stores
 club stores and dollar stores. Additionally
 products are sold to food service distributors
 industrial markets
 other food packagers
 export customers in 90 countries and federal
 state and local governments for school and other feeding programs. Food packaging operations are primarily supported by plant locations in New York
 Michigan
 Kentucky
 Oregon
 Wisconsin
 Washington
 Idaho
 Illinois
 and Minnesota. See Note 14&nbsp;of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 for additional information about the Company&#8217;s segments.


 2020 and 2019:




			

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

335

			
			
			

199

			






			











 Libby's
 is held pursuant to a trademark license granted to the Company in March 1982 and renewable by the Company every 10 years for an aggregate period expiring in March 2081. The original licensor was Libby
 McNeill &amp; Libby
 Inc.
 then an indirect subsidiary of Nestl&#233;
 S. A. (Nestl&#233;) and the license was granted in connection with the Company's purchase of certain of the licensor's canned vegetable operations in the United States. Corlib Brands Management
 LTD acquired the license from Nestl&#233; during 2006. The license is limited to vegetables which are shelf-stable
 frozen
 and thermally packaged
 and includes the Company's major vegetable varieties &#8211; corn
 peas and green beans &#8211; as well as certain other thermally packaged vegetable varieties and sauerkraut.


 Ltd.
 who may terminate the license for non-payment of royalty
 use of the trademark in sales outside the licensed territory
 failure to achieve a minimum level of sales under the licensed trademark during any calendar year or a material breach or default by the Company under the agreement (which is not cured within the specified cure period). With the purchase of Signature Fruit Company
 LLC
 brand name
 the Company re-negotiated the license agreement and created a new
 revenue dollars for fruits
 vegetables
 and dry beans. A total of $217
000 was paid as a royalty fee for the year ended March 31
 2020.


 frozen vegetables and other food products under several other brands for which the Company has obtained registered trademarks
 including
 Aunt Nellie&#8217;s
 CherryMan
 Green Valley
 READ
 and Seneca




 the different cycles are somewhat offsetting. Minimal food packaging occurs in the Company's last fiscal quarter ending March 31
 which is the optimal time for maintenance
 repairs and equipment changes in its packaging plants. The supply of commodities
 current pricing
 and expected new crop quantity and quality affect the timing and amount of the Company&#8217;s sales and earnings. When the seasonal harvesting periods of the Company's major vegetables are newly completed
 inventories for these packaged vegetables are at their highest levels. For peas
 the peak inventory time is mid-summer and for corn
 the Company's highest volume vegetable
 the peak inventory is in mid-autumn.
















 which presents certain unaudited quarterly financial information for the periods indicated:



			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			

			




 2020:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			






 an end of year sales order backlog is not considered meaningful. Traditionally
 larger customers provide tentative bookings for their expected purchases for the upcoming season. These bookings are further developed as data on the expected size of the related national harvests becomes available. In general
 these bookings serve as a yardstick rather than as a firm commitment
 since actual harvest results can vary notably from early estimates. In actual practice
 the Company has substantially all of its expected seasonal production identified to potential sales outlets before the seasonal production is completed.




 quality
 service
 and pricing being the major determinants in the Company&#8217;s relative market position. The Company believes that it is a major producer of canned vegetables
 but some producers of canned
 frozen and other forms of vegetable products have sales which exceed the Company's sales. The Company is aware of approximately 13 competitors in the U.S. packaged vegetable industry
 many of which are privately held companies.


 approximately 9% of the Company&#8217;s packaged foods sales were packed for retail customers under the Company&#8217;s branded labels of Seneca
 
 CherryMan
 Green Valley
. About 18% of packaged foods sales were packed for institutional food distributors and 64% were retail packed under the private label of our customers. The remaining 9% was sold under a Contract Packing Agreement with B&amp;G Foods (the &#8220;Green Giant Agreement&#8221;) (see note 14&nbsp;of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data). Termination of the Green Giant Agreement would substantially reduce the Company&#8217;s sales and profitability unless the Company was to enter into a new substantial supply relationship with Green Giant or another major vegetable marketer. The non-Green Giant customers represent a full cross section of the retail
 institutional
 distributor
 and industrial markets; and the Company does not consider itself dependent on any single sales source other than sales attributable to the Green Giant Agreement.


 which rate among the top three national brands according to a leading market research firm.








 the Company has cooperated with federal
 state
 and local environmental protection authorities in developing and maintaining suitable antipollution facilities. In general
 we believe our pollution control facilities are equal to or somewhat superior to those of our competitors and are within environmental protection standards. The Company does not expect any material capital expenditures to comply with environmental regulations in the near future.


 national and international regulations aimed at reducing the effects of climate change. In the United States
 there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be forthcoming at the federal level to address the effects of climate change. Such regulation could result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes
 the restriction of output
 investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations
 or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.




 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 worker&#8217;s compensation and other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but not limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does not believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.


















 the Company had approximately 3
200 employees of which 3
100 full time and 100 seasonal employees work in food packaging and 100 full time employees work in other activities. The number of employees increases by approximately 5
000 due to an increase in seasonal employees during our peak pack season.


 two agreements that will expire in calendar 2023
 one agreement that will expire in calendar 2024
 and one agreement that will expire in calendar 2025.




		

			






			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			


 except percentages)

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

248

			
			
			

109

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

335

			
			
			

199

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			








 could adversely affect the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. Other factors not presently known to us or that we presently believe are not material could also affect our business operations or financial results. The Company refers to itself as &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;us&#8221; in this section.






 with that; less shelf space is being devoted to these categories in the supermarkets. Fresh and perishable businesses are improving their delivery systems around the world and the availability of fresh produce is impacting the consumers purchasing patterns relating to processed vegetables. Our financial performance and growth are related to conditions in the United States&#8217; vegetable packaging industry which is a mature industry with a modest growth rate during the last 10 years. Our net sales are a function of product availability and market pricing. In the vegetable packaging industry
 product availability and market prices tend to have an inverse relationship: market prices tend to decrease as more product is available and to increase if less product is available. Product availability is a direct result of plantings
 growing conditions
 crop yields and inventory levels
 all of which vary from year to year. Moreover
 vegetable production outside the United States
 particularly in Europe
 Asia and South America
 is increasing at a time when worldwide demand for certain products
 is being impacted by the global economic slowdown. These factors may have a significant effect on supply and competition and create downward pressure on prices. In addition
 market prices can be affected by the planting and inventory levels and individual pricing decisions of our competitors. Generally
 market prices in the vegetable packaging industry adjust more quickly to variations in product availability than an individual packager can adjust its cost structure; thus
 in an oversupply situation
 a packager&#8217;s margins likely will weaken. We typically have experienced lower margins during times of industry oversupply.


 the vegetable packaging industry has been characterized by excess capacity
 with resulting pressure on our prices and profit margins. We have closed packaging plants in past years in response to the downward pressure on prices. There can be no assurance that our margins will improve in response to favorable market conditions or that we will be able to operate profitably during depressed market conditions.




 we must harvest and package them quickly or forego the opportunity to package fresh picked vegetables for an entire year. Most of our vegetables are grown by farmers under contract with us. Consequently
 we must pay the contract grower for the vegetables even if we cannot or do not harvest or package them. Most of our production occurs during the second quarter (July through September) of our fiscal year
 which corresponds with the quarter that the growing season ends for most of the produce packaged by us. A majority of our sales occur during the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year due to seasonal consumption patterns for our products. Accordingly
 inventory levels are highest during the second and third quarters
 and accounts receivable levels are highest during the third and fourth quarters. Net sales generated during our third and fourth fiscal quarters have a significant impact on our results of operations. Because of these seasonal fluctuations
 the results of any particular quarter
 particularly in the first half of our fiscal year
 will not necessarily be indicative of results for the full year or for future years.
















 this somewhat reduces the risk that our entire crop will be subject to disastrous weather. The upper Midwest is the primary growing region for the principal vegetables which we pack
 namely peas
 green beans and corn
 and it is also a substantial source of our competitors&#8217; vegetable production. The adverse effects of weather-related reduced production may be partially mitigated by higher selling prices for the vegetables which are produced.




 such as vegetables
 steel (used to make cans)
 ingredients
 pouches and other packaging materials as well as the electricity and natural gas used in our business
 are commodities that may experience price volatility caused by external factors
 including market fluctuations
 availability
 currency fluctuations and changes in governmental regulations and agricultural programs. General inventory positions of major commodities
 such as field corn
 soybeans and wheat
 all commodities with which we must compete for acreage
 can have dramatic effects on prices for those commodities
 which can translate into similar swings in prices needed to be paid for our contracted commodities. These programs and other events can result in reduced supplies of these commodities
 higher supply costs or interruptions in our production schedules. If prices of these commodities increase beyond what we can pass along to our customers
 our operating income will decrease.



Pandemics or disease outbreaks
 such as the COVID-19 pandemic
 may disrupt our business
 including among other things
 our supply chain
 our manufacturing operations and customer and consumer demand for our products
 and could have a material adverse impact on our business.


 mass merchants
 warehouse clubs
 wholesalers and ecommerce customers have more than offset declines at foodservice customers. However
 this increased customer and consumer demand may decrease in the coming months if and when the need for social distancing and stay-at-home mandates decreases
 and we are unable to predict the nature and timing of when that impact may occur.


 including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic or disease outbreak
 our operations may be negatively impacted. As some of our sizable seasonal migrant workforce may dwell in company provided housing
 outbreaks such as COVID-19 may be observed and would need to be managed
 to the extent possible
 to avert more wide-ranging community spread
 develop workforce availability
 and meet health protocols
 which may negatively affect our operations. Pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect economies and financial markets
 consumer spending and confidence levels resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customer and consumer demand for our products.


 and the effectiveness of these efforts depends on factors beyond our control
 including the duration and severity of any pandemic or disease outbreak
 as well as third party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate public health effects.


 including
 among others
 the duration of social distancing and stay-at-home mandates and whether a second or third wave of COVID-19 will affect the United States and the rest of North America
 our ability to continue to operate our manufacturing facilities and maintain the supply chain without material disruption
 and the extent to which macroeconomic conditions resulting from the pandemic and the pace of the subsequent recovery may impact consumer eating habits. We cannot predict the duration or scope of the disruption. Therefore
 the financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.




 which includes increased concentration and a growing presence of large-format retailers and discounters. Dependence upon key customers could lead to increased pricing pressure by these customers.


 respectively
 of our total sales. Our sales of Green Giant product and financial performance under the Contract Packing Agreement depend to a significant extent on our success in producing quality Green Giant vegetables at competitive costs and B&amp;G Foods success in marketing the products produced by us. The ability of B&amp;G Foods to successfully market these products will depend upon B&amp;G Foods&#8217; sales efforts as well as the factors described above under &#8220;Excess capacity in the vegetable industry has a downward impact on selling price.&#8221; We cannot give assurance as to the volume of B&amp;G Foods&#8217; sales and cannot control many of the key factors affecting that volume.


 purchases by the United Sates Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;) in fiscal year 2020 and 2019 represented approximately 5.1% and 2.1%
 respectively
 of our total sales.&nbsp;. The purchase of our products by the USDA is done through the government&#8217;s competitive bid process. We bid on stated product requirements and needs as presented by the USDA and
 if we are the successful bidder
 we fulfill the contract and deliver the product. The government contracting process is complex and subject to numerous regulations and requirements. Failure by us to comply with the regulations and requirements for government contracts could jeopardize our ability to contract with the government and could result in reduced sales or prohibition on submitting bids to the USDA. The government procurement process could also change and result in our inability to meet the new requirements. Additionally
 the government&#8217;s need for our products could decrease
 which would result in reduced sales to the USDA.
















 our business
 financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.

If we do not maintain the market shares of our products
 our business and revenues may be adversely affected. 


 but also compete with products we produce and sell to other companies who market those products under their own brand names
 such as the Green Giant vegetables we sell to B&amp;G Foods under the Contract Packing Agreement and the vegetables we sell to various retail grocery chains which carry our customer&#8217;s own brand names.


 many major retail food chains have been increasing their promotions
 offerings and shelf space allocations for their own vegetable brands
 to the detriment of vegetable brands owned by the packagers
 including our own brands. We cannot predict the pricing or promotional activities of our customers/competitors or whether they will have a negative effect on us. There are competitive pressures and other factors
 which could cause our products to lose market share or result in significant price erosion that could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 intermodal
 rail cars
 and ships. Disruption to the timely supply of these services or increases in the cost of these services for any reason
 including availability or cost of fuel
 regulations affecting the industry
 or labor shortages in the transportation industry
 could have an adverse effect on our ability to serve our customers
 and could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

If we are subject to product liability claims
 we may incur significant and unexpected costs and our business reputation could be adversely affected. 


 the industry and suppliers to stay abreast of developments. A product liability judgment against us could also result in substantial and unexpected expenditures
 affect consumer confidence in our products
 and divert management&#8217;s attention from other responsibilities. Product liability claims may also lead to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. Although we maintain comprehensive general liability insurance coverage
 there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate or that we will be able to continue to maintain our existing insurance or obtain comparable insurance at a reasonable cost
 if at all. A product recall or a partially or completely uninsured judgment against us could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We are increasingly dependent on information technology&#894; disruptions
 failures or security breaches of our information technology infrastructure could have a material adverse effect on our operations.


 manage and process
 and may incur legal costs if our information security policies and procedures are not effective or if we are required to defend our methods of collection
 processing and storage of data. Future investigations
 lawsuits or adverse publicity relating to our methods of handling data could adversely affect our business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows due to the costs and negative market reaction relating to such developments. We may not have the resources or technical expertise to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Actual or anticipated attacks will cause us to incur increased costs
 including costs to hire additional personnel
 purchase additional protection technologies
 train employees
 and engage third-party experts and consultants. In addition
 data and security breaches can also occur as a result of non-technical issues
 including breach by us or by persons with whom we have commercial relationships that result in the unauthorized release of confidential information. Any compromise or breach of our security could result in violation of applicable privacy and other laws
 significant legal and financial exposure
 and a loss of confidence in our security measures
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our reputation.




 we regularly dispose of produce wastes (silage) and processing water as well as materials used in plant operation and maintenance
 and our plant boilers
 which generate heat used in packaging
 produce generally small emissions into the air. These activities and operations are regulated by federal and state laws and the respective federal and state environmental agencies. Occasionally
 we may be required to remediate conditions found by the regulators to be in violation of environmental law or to contribute to the cost of remediating waste disposal sites
 which we neither owned nor operated
 but in which
 we and other companies deposited waste materials
 usually through independent waste disposal companies. Future possible costs of environmental remediation
 contributions and penalties could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our production capacity for certain products and commodities is concentrated in a limited number of facilities
 exposing us to a material disruption in production in the event that a disaster strikes.


 one with substantially more capacity than the other
 which are not interchangeable since each plant cannot necessarily produce all the can sizes needed. Although we maintain property and business interruption insurance coverage
 there can be no assurance that this level of coverage is adequate in the event of a catastrophe or significant disruption at these or other Company facilities. If such an event occurs
 it could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


















 we may undertake acquisitions of other businesses or introduce new products
 although there can be no assurances that these will occur. Such undertakings involve numerous risks and significant investments. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and acquire acquisition candidates on favorable terms
 to profitably manage or to successfully integrate future businesses that we may acquire or new products we may introduce without substantial costs
 delays or problems. Any of these outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 we had approximately 3
200 employees of which 3
100 full time and 100 seasonal employees worked in food packaging and 100 employees worked in other activities. During the peak summer harvest period
 we hire up to approximately 5
000 seasonal employees to help package vegetables. If there is a shortage of seasonal labor
 especially during 2020 as a result of COVID-19 or if there is an increase to minimum wage rates
 this could have a negative impact on our cost of operations. Many of our packaging operations are located in rural communities that may not have sufficient labor pools
 requiring us to hire employees from other regions. An inability to hire and train sufficient employees during the critical harvest period could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 in collaboration with other can makers as well as enamel suppliers
 has decided to aggressively work to find alternative materials for can linings not manufactured using BPA. However
 commercially acceptable alternatives are not immediately available for some applications and there can be no assurance that these steps will be successful. Less than 1% of our canned product volume (excluding B&amp;G Foods and purchased canned products) still includes BPA.




 mandatory recall authority of the FDA
 increased scrutiny of foreign sourced or supplied food products
 and increased records access may have an impact on our business. As we are already in a highly regulated business
 operating under the increased scrutiny of more FDA authority does not appear likely to negatively impact our business.&nbsp;&nbsp;The law also gives FDA important new tools to hold imported foods to the same standards as domestic foods.




 along with its other marketplace initiatives
 are designed to capitalize on new customer or consumer trends.&nbsp; The FDA recently issued a statement on sodium which referred to an Institute of Medicine statement that too much sodium is a major contributor to high blood pressure. Some of our products contain a moderate amount of sodium per recommended serving
 which is based on consumer&#8217;s preferences for taste. &nbsp;In order to remain successful
 the Company must anticipate and react to these new trends and develop new products or packages to address them. While the Company devotes significant resources to meeting this goal
 we may not be successful in developing new products or packages
 or our new products or packages may not be accepted by customers or consumers.




 2012
 the SEC adopted a new rule requiring disclosures of specified minerals
 known as conflict minerals
 that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured by companies filing public reports. The rule
 which requires a disclosure report to be filed by May 31 each year
 requires companies to perform country of origin inquiries
 due diligence as required
 disclosure
 and reporting whether such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo or an adjoining country.&nbsp; The conflict mineral rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals
 including
 tin
 which is used primarily in the manufacture of our cans. The number of suppliers
 who provide conflict-free minerals in steel production
 or other components
 may be limited. In addition
 there may be significant costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements
 such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our cans
 as well as costs of possible changes to products
 packages
 or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Since our supply chain is complex
 we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the procedures that we implement
 which may hurt our business. In addition
 we may encounter significant challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free
 which could place us
 as well as our competitors
 at a disadvantage if we are unable to do so.

















Global economic conditions may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.


 including the impact of recessions in the United States and throughout the world
 may negatively affect our business and financial results. These economic conditions could negatively impact (i) consumer demand for our products
 (ii) the mix of our products&#8217; sales
 (iii) our ability to collect accounts receivable on a timely basis
 (iv) the ability of suppliers to provide the materials required in our operations and (v) our ability to obtain financing or to otherwise access the capital markets. The strength of the U.S. dollar versus other world currencies could result in increased competition from imported products and decreased sales to our international customers. A prolonged recession could result in decreased revenue
 margins and earnings. Additionally
 the economic situation could have an impact on our lenders or customers
 causing them to fail to meet their obligations to us. The occurrence of any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 2020
 we had approximately $312.5 million of total indebtedness
 including various debt agreements and a $106.9 million outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility (&#8220;Revolver&#8221;).&nbsp; Scheduled debt service for fiscal 2020 is $28.3 million. During our second and third fiscal quarters
 our operations generally require more cash than is available from operations.&nbsp; In these circumstances
 it is necessary to borrow under our Revolver.&nbsp; Our ability to obtain financing in the future through credit facilities will be affected by several factors
 including our creditworthiness
 our ability to operate in a profitable manner and general market and credit conditions.&nbsp; Significant changes in our business or cash outflows from operations could create a need for additional working capital.&nbsp; An inability to obtain additional working capital on terms reasonably acceptable to us or access the Revolver would materially and adversely affect our operations. Additionally
 if we need to use a portion of our cash flows to pay principal and interest on our debt
 it will reduce the amount of money we have for operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansions
 acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities.&nbsp;




 among other things
 limit our ability to borrow money
 including with respect to the refinancing of existing indebtedness. These provisions may limit our ability to conduct our business
 take advantage of business opportunities and respond to changing business
 market and economic conditions. In addition
 they may place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies that may be subject to fewer
 if any
 restrictions. Failure to comply with the requirements of our Revolver and debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. We have pledged our accounts receivable
 inventory and the capital stock or other ownership interests that we own in our subsidiaries to secure the credit facility. If a default occurred and was not cured
 secured lenders could foreclose on this collateral.



Our existing shareholders
 if acting together
 may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval. 


 while holders of our Class&nbsp;A common stock are entitled to one-twentieth of a vote per share. In addition
 holders of our 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock
 Series A
 our 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock
 Series B and
 solely with respect to the election of directors
 our 6% Cumulative Voting Preferred Stock
 which we refer to as our voting preferred stock
 are entitled to one vote per share. As of March 31
 2020
 holders of Class B common stock and voting preferred stock held 88.1% of the combined voting power of all shares of capital stock then outstanding and entitled to vote. These shareholders
 if acting together
 would be in a position to control the election of our directors and to effect or prevent certain corporate transactions that require majority or supermajority approval of the combined classes
 including mergers and other business combinations. This may result in us taking corporate actions that you may not consider to be in your best interest and may affect the price of our common stock.


 2020
 our current executive officers and directors beneficially owned 12.1% of our outstanding shares of Class&nbsp;A common stock
 54.5% of our outstanding shares of Class B common stock and 53.5% of our voting preferred stock
 or 49.1% of the combined voting power of our outstanding shares of capital stock. This concentration of voting power may inhibit changes in control of the Company and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.




 the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. These provisions include:



			
			

			






			
			

			






			
			


 rights
 powers and restrictions as the board of directors may determine;






			
			

			






			
			


 in addition to certain restrictions which may apply to &#8220;business combinations&#8221; involving us and an &#8220;interested shareholder&#8221;
 a plan for our merger or consolidation must be approved by two-thirds of the votes of&nbsp;all outstanding shares entitled to vote thereon. See &#8220;Our existing shareholders
 if acting together
 may be able to exert control over matters requiring shareholder approval.&#8221;&nbsp;





















 payment of cash dividends on our common stock is not permitted by the terms of our revolving credit facility.






 First-Out (LIFO) method of inventory accounting. As of March 31
 2020
 we had a LIFO reserve of $144.3 million which
 at the U.S. corporate tax rate
 represents approximately $36.1 million of income taxes
 payment of which is delayed to future dates based upon changes in inventory costs. From time-to-time
 discussions regarding changes in U.S. tax laws have included the potential of LIFO being repealed. Should LIFO be repealed
 the $36.1 million of postponed taxes
 plus any future benefit realized prior to the date of repeal
 would likely have to be repaid over some period of time. Repayment of these postponed taxes will reduce the amount of cash that we would have available to fund our operations
 working capital
 capital expenditures
 expansions
 acquisitions or general corporate or other business activities. This could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 we operate a wholly owned insurance subsidiary
 Dundee Insurance Company
 Inc. We recognize this subsidiary as an insurance company for federal income tax purposes with respect to our consolidated federal income tax return. In the event the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) were to determine that this subsidiary does not qualify as an insurance company
 we could be required to make accelerated income tax payments to the IRS that we otherwise would have deferred until future periods.







 we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item.&nbsp;























			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Idaho

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Idaho

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Illinois

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Kentucky

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Michigan

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Michigan

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Minnesota

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Oregon

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Oregon

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Washington

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Washington

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Wisconsin

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 New York

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			






 although highly utilized
 have the ability to expand as sales requirements justify. Because of the seasonal production cycles
 the exact extent of utilization is difficult to measure. In certain circumstances
 the theoretical full efficiency levels are being reached; however
 expansion of the number of production days or hours could increase the output by up to 20% for a season.


 6&nbsp;and 7&nbsp;of Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 for additional information about the Company&#8217;s long-term debt and lease commitments.





















 Legal Proceedings and Other Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplemental Data.


 Business -- Environmental Regulation
 for information regarding environmental legal proceedings.



























Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 Related Security Holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities


 refer to the information in the 2020 Annual Report
 &#8220;Shareholder Information&#8221;
 which is incorporated by reference.




 2007 and extended on July 28
 2017. The 2007 Equity Plan expires in August 2027 and originally authorized the issuance of up to 100
000 shares of either Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock or a combination of the two classes of stock. 4
064 shares were awarded in fiscal year 2020 under the terms of the 2007 Equity Plan. As of March 31
 2020
 there were 55
049 shares available for distribution as part of future awards under the 2007 Equity Plan. No additional shares have been awarded under the 2007 Equity Plan through the date of this Form 10-K.&nbsp;






 we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item.





			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			





			


 and the Seneca Foods
 L.L.C. 401(k) Retirement&nbsp;Savings Plan to provide matching employee contributions under the Plans.



			


 most recently on March 10
 2015 when the repurchase program was&nbsp;increased to 2
500
000 shares. As of March 31
 2020
 the Company has purchased 1
983
716 shares and there remains 516
287 shares available to purchase under the program.










 we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item.







 &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 which is incorporated by reference.







 we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this Item.




















 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto including Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, which is incorporated by reference.
















 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
 as of March 31
 2020. Based upon this evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
 as of March 31
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures: (1) were designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report was being prepared
 so as to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (2) were effective
 in that they provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms.




 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 2020. In making this assessment
 Based on our assessment
 management believes that
 as of March 31
 2020
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.
























 2020 of Seneca Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the &#8220;COSO framework&#8221;). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2020 based on criteria established in the COSO framework.


 2020
 the related consolidated statements of net earnings
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;)
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our report dated July 2
 2020
 expresses an unqualified opinion.




 Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 PC




 Michigan&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2020

















 there was no changes&nbsp;in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the year&nbsp;ended March 31
 2020 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.


























Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance


 as amended
 for the Company&#8217;s Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on August 18
 2020. The Proxy Statement will be filed within 120 days after the end of the Company&#8217;s fiscal year ended March 31
 2020.








 its members and the audit committee financial experts is incorporated herein by reference from the subsection entitled &#8220;Audit Committee&#8221; in the section entitled &#8220;Board Governance&#8221; in the Proxy Statement.







&#8221; &#8220;Summary Compensation Table
&#8221; &#8220;Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year-End
&#8221; &#8220;Pension Benefits
&#8221; &#8220;Compensation of Directors&#8221; and &#8220;Compensation Committee Interlocks.&#8221; The information included under the heading &#8220;Compensation Committee Report&#8221; in the Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference; however
 this information shall not be deemed to be &#8220;soliciting material&#8221; or to be &#8220;filed&#8221; with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C
 or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act.











Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
































		
			
Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 and Supplemental Schedule
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
 - the following consolidated financial statements of the Registrant
 included in the 2020 Annual Report

			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			


			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

 (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11


		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

 1995 for the quarter ended July 1


		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

 2016 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation
 Seneca Foods
 LLC
 Seneca Snack Company
 Green Valley Foods
 LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation
 the financial institutions party thereto as lenders
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as agent
 issuing bank
 syndication agent
 and lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 5


		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

 2020 by and among Seneca Foods Corporation
 Seneca Foods
 LLC
 Seneca Snack Company
 Green Valley Foods
 LLC and certain other subsidiaries of Seneca Foods Corporation and Farm Credit East
 ACA (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 1


		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

 2007 as extended on July 28
 2017 (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company&#8217;s Proxy Statement dated June 28



















		
			
			
			
The material contained in the 2020 Annual Report to Shareholders under the following headings: &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto including Independent Auditors&#8217; Report
 and &#8220;Shareholder Information&#8221; (filed herewith)

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			



		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
Consent of BDO USA
 LLP (filed herewith)

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			

 2020
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) consolidated balance sheets
 (ii) consolidated statements of net earnings
 (iii) consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 (iv) consolidated statements of cash flows




































 New York


 2020 relating to the financial statements of Seneca Foods Corporation
 which is incorporated in Item 8 of Form 10-K by reference to the Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended March 31
 2020 also included the audit of the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audit.



 such financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.


 PC




 Michigan


 2020



























 New York


 2019 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Seneca Foods Corporation
 which is incorporated in Item 8 of Seneca Foods Corporation&#8217;s Form 10-K for the year ended March 31
 2019 by reference to the annual report to shareholders for the year ended March 31
 2019 also included the audit of the financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index. This financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial statement schedule based on our audit.


 such financial statement schedule
 when read in connection with the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 present fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein.



 LLP


 Wisconsin
June 13
 2019
















		

			


		

			


		

			






			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2020:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			




		


 net of recoveries.





















 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




			
			
			
			

 Chief Financial
			


			
 





 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:




			

			

			

			

			



			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020



			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			


 Chief Executive Officer
 Director

			


 2020


		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			




			


 2020


		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			


 Controller
 &nbsp;

			


 2020


		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020




			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020




			

			
			
			
			

		
			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020


		
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



Samuel T. Hubbard
 Jr. 

			

			

			


 2020





 Jr.

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020




			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020




			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			

			

			


 2020




			

			
			
			
			






















	
	









 with facilities located throughout the United States. Its high quality products are primarily sourced from over 2
000 American farms.


 food service
 and export canned vegetable markets
 distributing to over 90 countries.&nbsp;Products are also sold under the highly regarded brands of Libby&#8217;s&#174;
 Aunt Nellie&#8217;s&#174;
 Green Valley&#174;
 READ&#174;
 Cherryman&#174; and Seneca labels
 including Seneca snack chips. In addition
 Seneca provides vegetable products under a contract packing agreement with B&amp;G Foods North America
 under the Green Giant label.


 the Company announced production at its fruit processing plant in Sunnyside
 Washington would&nbsp;cease at the end of the 2019 production season. The Company continued to store
 case and label products at this facility until late in fiscal 2020. In February 2020
 the Company invested approximately $10 million and contributed the Sunnyside facility to acquire a 49% stake in CraftAg
 LLC
 a newly formed company which is processing hemp at this Sunnyside facility.


 2018
 the Company announced production at its fruit (primarily peaches) processing plant in Modesto
 California would&nbsp;cease prior to the 2018 production season. During the second fiscal quarter of 2019
 the Company sold and transferred most of the remaining inventory in the facility and completed most of the labeling and casing required to PCP for the fruit inventory sold to them in the first quarter. The Company continued to ready the building and equipment for sale during the second quarter and into the third quarter. The Modesto operations have met the requirements (approximately a 15% reduction in revenue and a strategic shift away from producing peaches) for discontinued operations and those operations have been presented as such in these financial statements. During October 2018
 the building and the land was sold to an unrelated third party for net proceeds of $63
326
000 and the Company auctioned off the remaining equipment in the third quarter. See note 3 Discontinued Operations for more details.


 we completed an agreement with Del Monte Foods to purchase a plant in Wisconsin
 and as part of that agreed to process certain quantities of canned vegetables for them on a contractual basis. At the same time
 we acquired equipment from two already closed facilities
 and have been busy during this off-season moving equipment into our facilities to improve efficiencies or expand our production capacities.


 high quality vegetable products to consumers through the elimination of costs from the Company&#8217;s supply chain and investment in state-of-the-art production and logistical technology; 3) focus on growth opportunities to capitalize on higher expected returns; and 4) pursue strategic acquisitions that leverage the Company&#8217;s core competencies.






 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $7.0 million related to the closing of plants in the Midwest and Northwest of which $5.3 million was for accelerated amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets
 $2.4 million was mostly related to equipment moves and $1.2 million was related to severance. The Company also recorded a credit of $1.9 million for the reduced lease liability of previously impaired leases.


 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $11.7 million. Of this amount
 $2.3 relates to the partial closure of a plant in the Midwest ($1.8 million is equipment moves and $0.5 is severance)
 $1.3 million related to the sale of a plant in the Northeast ($0.5 million is equipment moves and $0.8 million is severance)
 and $0.3 million for the partial sale of a plant in the Northwest ($0.2 million is severance
 $0.1 million is mostly equipment moves). In addition
 the Company recorded a charge for an impairment of long-term assets of $7.8 million for a Northwest plant that will be ceasing production after this growing season.



















Divestitures
 Other Charges and Credits




 a gain on the sale of a plant in the Northeast $2.0 million and a gain on the partial closure of a plant of $0.8 million. The Company also recorded a loss on the sale of an Eastern plant of $0.6 million. The Company also recorded a gain for interest rate swap of $0.3 million.





 finance seasonal working capital needs and to make capital expenditures. Internally generated funds and amounts available under the revolving credit facility are the Company&#8217;s primary sources of liquidity
 although the Company believes it has the ability to raise additional capital by issuing additional stock
 if it desires.




 2016. Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total $300.0 million from April through July and $400.0 million from August through March which represents a $100 million reduction in the maximum commitment for both periods as elected by the Company in May 2020.&nbsp; The Revolver balance as of March 31
 2020 was $106.9 million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver&#8217;s July 5
 2021 maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility
 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains a financial covenant and borrowing base requirements. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of June through November and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally three months but can vary from a few days to seven months. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s need to draw on the Revolver may fluctuate significantly throughout the year.


 planned capital expenditures and debt service obligations for at least the next 12&nbsp;months.




















 in part
 because the Company sells
 on a bill and hold basis
 Green Giant canned and frozen vegetables to B&amp;G Foods at the end of each pack cycle
 which typically occurs during these quarters. B&amp;G Foods buys the product from the Company at cost plus an equivalent case tolling fee. See the Critical Accounting Policies section for further details. The Company&#8217;s non-Green Giant sales also exhibit seasonality with the third fiscal quarter generating the highest sales due to increased retail sales during the holiday season. The table below excludes the Modesto discontinued operations:



			
			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			
			

			


			
			

			

			




 2020:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2019:

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			






 partially offset the purchase of assets from Del Monte Foods of $16.9 million and the investment in CraftAg of $10.0 million The maximum level of short-term borrowings during 2019 was affected by the disposal of Modesto for $65.0 million and the lower inventory by $45.3 million due to the sale of certain facilities in the Northeast
 Northwest and Modesto. Details of the sales of facilities are outlined in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.







			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






 2016
 the Company entered into a $100.0 million unsecured term loan with a maturity date of December 9
 2021. The Company incurred financing costs totaling $0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt. Subsequent to 2020 year end
 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East which extended the maturity date to June 1
 2025 and converted the term loan to a fixed interest rate rather than a variable interest rate.. This agreement contains certain covenants
 including minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth.&nbsp;


















 2017&nbsp;for $10.0 million with a maturity date of October 1
 2032. The Company did not issue any significant long-term debt in 2020
 other than the Revolver.


 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&#8217;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&#8217;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&#8217;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&#8217;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the EBITDA within the Farm Credit term loan which for fiscal year end 2020 will be $45 million and will be greater than $45 million
 thereafter. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met for all such financial covenants as of March 31
 2020.


000
 less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock.


 2020
 scheduled maturities of long-term debt in each of the five succeeding fiscal years and thereafter are presented below. The March&nbsp;31
 2020 Revolver balance of $106.9&nbsp;million is presented as being due in fiscal 2022
 based upon the Revolver&#8217;s July 20
 2021 maturity date (in thousands):



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			




 the Company's $100 million term loan with&nbsp;Farm Credit East was extended&nbsp;to June 1
 2025.&nbsp;




 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&#8217;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&#8217;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&#8217;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&#8217;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the minimum EBITDA within the Farm Credit term loan which for fiscal 2020 year end will be greater than $45 million. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met all such financial covenants as of March 31
 2020.




 Wisconsin from Del Monte
 2) $9.6 million for equipment purchases from Del Monte
 3) $4.7 million for the Glencoe Freezer project and 4) $2.6&nbsp;million for the completion of a warehouse in Hart
 Michigan started in 2019. Capital expenditures in 2019 totaled $33.8&nbsp;million and there were three major projects in 2019 as follows: 1) $1.6&nbsp;million to purchase land in Montgomery
 Minnesota
 2) $4.1&nbsp;million for a warehouse in Hart
 Michigan
 and 3) $2.0 for a production line in Janesville
 Wisconsin. In addition
 there were lease buyouts
 equipment replacements and other improvements in 2020 and 2019.




















 accounts receivable increased by $25.7 million or 30.6% versus 2019
 due to higher sales volume in the fourth quarter of 2020 compared to 2019. In 2019
 accounts receivable increased by $17.9 million or 27.1% versus 2018 due to higher sales volume in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to 2018 and $6.3 million increase in the true-up receivable from B&amp;G Foods.




 inventories decreased by $90.1&nbsp;million primarily reflecting the effect of lower finished goods quantities and higher raw material quantities and by the $16.9 million LIFO reserve decrease. The LIFO reserve balance was $144.3&nbsp;million at March 31
 2020 versus $161.3&nbsp;million at the prior year end.






 2020
 the Company sold $121.4 million of Green Giant finished goods inventory to B&amp;G Foods North America (&#8220;B&amp;G&#8221;) for cash
 on a bill and hold basis
 as compared to $60.0 million for the year ended March 31
 2019. Under the terms of the bill and hold agreement
 title to the specified inventory transferred to B&amp;G. Under the revenue recognition standard
 this contract qualifies for bill and hold accounting treatment as the Company has concluded that control of the unlabeled products transfers to the customer at the time title transfers and the Company has the right to payment (prior to physical delivery)
 which results in earlier revenue recognition. Labeling and storage services that are provided after control of the goods has transferred to the customer are accounted for as separate performance obligations for which revenue is deferred until the services are performed.


 which are recorded as a reduction of net sales
 include amounts paid to encourage retailers to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of the Company&#8217;s products to consumers
 amounts paid to obtain favorable display positions in retail stores
 and amounts paid to retailers for shelf space in retail stores. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale of product to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers for amounts they consider due to them. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time.


 plant
 and equipment are depreciated over their assigned lives. The assigned lives and the projected cash flows used to test impairment are subjective. If actual lives are shorter than anticipated or if future cash flows are less than anticipated
 a future impairment charge or a loss on disposal of the assets could be incurred. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted value of the cash flows is less than the carrying value. If such is the case
 a loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value.




 2020
 the Company was obligated to make cash payments in connection with its debt
 operating and finance leases
 and purchase commitments. The effect of these obligations and commitments on the Company&#8217;s liquidity and cash flows in future periods are listed below. All of these arrangements require cash payments over varying periods of time. Certain of these arrangements are cancelable on short notice and others require additional payments as part of any early termination.


 the Company&#8217;s defined benefit plan has an unfunded pension liability of $75.7 million which is subject to certain actuarial assumptions. The unfunded status increased by $58.4 million during 2020 reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of March 31
 2020. This unfunded status increase was recognized via the actual loss on plan assets and the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $60.9 million after the income tax expense of $20.3 million. The increase in projected benefit obligation was a function of using an updated mortality table. The discount rate reduced from 4.14% in 2019 to 3.69% in 2020. During 2020
 the Company converted to the Pri-2012 mortality study with the Blue Collar adjustment
 with a generational projection of future mortality improvements from 2006 using Scale MP-2019 for calculating the pension obligation in 2019 and the related pension expense in 2020. The Company utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows.&nbsp;


















 2020. This amendment triggered a curtailment event under ASC 715. The curtailment accelerated statement of earnings recognition of the unrecognized prior service cost resulting in $0.1 million curtailment charge.


 2019 to $202.5 million as of March 31
 2020 due primarily to a loss on plan assets of $46.3 million from a COVID-19 induced deterioration in market conditions
 partially offset by a $26.0 million contribution by the Company. The Company made this contribution to partially offset the declines in the portfolio.


 the Company entered into new finance and operating leases of approximately $10.8&nbsp;million
 based on the if-purchased value
 which was primarily for agricultural and packaging equipment.




 the Company is not able to reasonably estimate the cash settlements required in future periods.






 unless the issuer gives cancellation notice in advance. On March&nbsp;31
 2020
 the Company had $13.4 million in outstanding standby letters of credit. These standby letters of credit are supported by the Company&#8217;s Revolver and reduce borrowings available under the Revolver.




 the Company&#8217;s cash and cash equivalents decreased by $0.8&nbsp;million
 which is due to the net impact of $127.3&nbsp;million provided by operating activities
 $43.2 million used in investing activities
 and $84.9&nbsp;million used in financing activities.




 which was a $46.6 million increase
 by an increase in deferred income tax of $14.6&nbsp;million
 partially offset by a lower decrease in inventories in 2020 versus 2019 of $52.2 million and an increase in accounts and contracts receivable of $28.0 million
. The 2020 earnings reflect a LIFO credit of $17.1&nbsp;million resulted in an increase in the tax payment deferral of $4.3&nbsp;million. During 2020
 the Company made a $26.0 million contribution to its pension plan compared to a $2.1 million contribution in the previous year.


 from June through November
 and are then sold over the following year. Cash flow from operating activities is one of the Company&#8217;s main sources of liquidity.




 principally reflecting $65.7 million of capital expenditures
 partially offset by proceeds from the sales of assets of $22.5 million. Capital expenditures aggregated $37.7&nbsp;million in 2019.&nbsp;There were four major projects in 2020 as follows: 1) $10.0 million to buy the plant in Cambria
 Wisconsin from Del Monte
 2) $9.6 million for equipment purchases from Del Monte
 3) $4.7 million for the Glencoe Freezer project and 4) $2.6&nbsp;million for the completion of a warehouse in Hart
 Michigan started in 2019.




 a $10.0 million investment in CraftAg and by the purchase of $12.7 million of treasury stock during 2020 versus $8.0 million purchased in 2019.






















			

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

335

			
			
			

199

			






			







 from $1
199.6&nbsp;million to $1
335.8&nbsp;million. The increase primarily reflects
 a $61.6&nbsp;million increase in canned vegetables sales
 a $51.5&nbsp;million increase in Green Giant sales
 a $25.5&nbsp;million increase in prepared food sales
 a $5.5 million increase in Fruit sales
 $1.8 million increase in Snack sales
 a $8.1 million decrease in frozen sales
 and a $1.6 million decrease in other sales. The increase in sales is attributable to increased sales volume of $56.7&nbsp;million and higher selling prices/more favorable sales mix of $79.5&nbsp;million. The increased selling prices/more favorable sales mix is primarily due to canned vegetables.


 due to lower commodity and steel costs
 a short pack and higher selling prices in 2020 versus 2019.


 general and administrative expense was at 6.0% of sales in 2019 and 5.8% of sales in 2020.


 a gain on the sale of a plant in the Northeast $2.0 million and a gain on the partial closure of a plant of $0.8 million. The Company also recorded a loss on the sale of an Eastern plant of $0.6 million. The Company also recorded a gain for interest rate swap of $0.3 million.


 which are described in detail in the Restructuring section of Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 decreased from $11.7 million in 2019 to $7.0 million in 2020.


 net
 decreased from $15.4&nbsp;million in 2019 to $11.8&nbsp;million in 2020 due mostly to lower average Revolver borrowing&nbsp;during the year in 2020 versus 2019.


 continuing pre-tax earnings increased from loss of $(49.3) million in 2019 to pre-tax earnings of $65.6 million in 2020. The effective tax rate was 22.0% in 2020 and 25.9% in 2019.&nbsp;The decrease of 3.9 percentage points in the effective tax rate for the year is primarily the result of two items. The changes in tax law from the CARES Act and the retroactive extension of the alternative fuel tax credit resulted in a 2.8 percentage point decrease. The creation of federal tax credits resulted in a 1.8 percentage point decrease. The amounts of federal credits are similar to the prior year but they have an opposite effect on the effective tax rate due to the company having income in 2020 and a loss in 2019.




















 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 &#8220;Leases.&#8221; ASU 2016-02 establishes a right-of-use (&#8220;ROU&#8221;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than 12 months. In July 2018
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-11

 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 which was subsequently amended in November 2018 through ASU No. 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326

 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 70%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 70%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 70%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 70%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B5 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B7 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B5 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B7 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D5 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D7 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D4 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D4 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D5 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D7 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D7 style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 29%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=14 id=.amt.D5 style=width: 36%; text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=6 id=.amt.D7 style=width: 13%; text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D7 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 29%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.symb.2 rowspan=1 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.symb.3 rowspan=1 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B4 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B5 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B6 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B7 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 29%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B4 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D5 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B6 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B7 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 29%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D4 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D5 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D7 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 29%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D4 nowrap=true style=padding: 0px; width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D5 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D7 nowrap=true style=padding: 0px; width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td style=width: 29%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D4 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D5 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.D6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D6 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D7 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D7 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=width: 8%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B4 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B5 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B6 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B7 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=width: 8%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B4 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B5 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B6 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B7 style=width: 9%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 8%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.4 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.4 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.4 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.5 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.5 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.5 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.6 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.6 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.6 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.7 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.7 style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.7 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<p style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 90%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=6 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 class=finTable style=width: 90%; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=2 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td colspan=6 id=.amt.D3 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.trail.D3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B2 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.B3 style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.B3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

		<tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times

			<td id=.lead.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.2 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.2 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.2 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.lead.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.symb.3 style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.amt.3 style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

			<td id=.trail.3 nowrap=true style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<hr style=border: currentColor; border-image: none; width: 100%; height: 2px; color: rgb(0
 0
 0); page-break-after: always; background-color: rgb(0
 0


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times


<p style=margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 versus recasting the prior periods presented. If elected
 an entity would recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. We adopted ASU 2016-02 as of April 1
 2019
 using the optional transition method provided by ASU 2018-11.&nbsp; The standard resulted in the initial recognition of $88
333
000 of total operating lease assets and $91
025
000 of net operating lease liabilities and a net adjustment to retained earnings totaling $2
019
000 ($2
692
000 less tax effect of $673
000) on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet on April 1
 2019. The standard did not materially impact the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income or Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. At adoption
 the Company recorded an adjustment to retained earnings of $2
019
000
 which includes an impairment loss that was related to a Northwest plant impairment which was incurred in March 2019 just prior to adoption of this standard. The disclosures required by the recently adopted accounting standard are included in Note 7 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-14
 
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans. ASU 2018-14 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2020
 with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU 2018-14 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-12 to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enacted tax laws or rate changes. The new standard will be effective for the Company in the first quarter fiscal year 2022. We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#8217;s financial position
 results of operations and related disclosures.


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was subsequently amended in November 2018 through ASU No. 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. ASU No. 2016-13 will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further
 the new credit loss model will affect how entities in all industries estimate their allowance for losses for receivables that are current with respect to their payment terms. In November 2019
 the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10
 which
 among other things
 deferred the application of the new guidance on credit losses for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
 the Company expects to adopt ASU No. 2016-03
 and the related ASU No. 2018-19 amendments
 beginning as of April 1
 2023 and is in the process of assessing the impact
 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.


























		


 2019
 the Company had&nbsp;certain operating units in the Midwest that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale
 which requires the Company to present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our March 31
 2019 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.&nbsp; The Company is required to record the assets held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell.&nbsp; The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities that were held for sale in our March 31
 2019 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet&nbsp;(in thousands):









 Plant and Equipment (net)

			
			


			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			










 2018
 the Company executed a nonbinding letter of intent with a perspective buyer of the Modesto facility. On October 9
 2018
 the Company closed on the sale of the facility to this outside buyer with net proceeds of $63
326
000. Based on its magnitude of revenue to the Company (approximately 15%) and because the Company was exiting the production of peaches
 this sale represented a significant strategic shift that has a material effect on the Company&#8217;s operations and financial results. Accordingly
 the Company has applied discontinued operations treatment for this sale as required by Accounting Standards Codification 210-05&#8212;Discontinued Operations. This business we are exiting is part of the Fruit and Vegetable segment.






















			
			


 2020

			
			


 2019


			




			
			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			





		

			







			
			

			

			


			
			


 2020

			
			


 2019

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 General and Administrative

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			




 Net of Tax

			
			


			
			
			


			





		


000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.


		


746
000 of Modesto severance in fiscal 2019.


		

			


		


211
000 gain as a result of&nbsp; LIFO layer liquidations from the disposal of the inventory for fiscal 2019.


		


446
000 gain on the sale of Modesto plant and equipment in fiscal 2019.


		


975
000 gain on the sale of bins in fiscal 2019.








			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			


























&nbsp;(&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;) as of April 1
 2018
 utilizing the&nbsp;full&nbsp;retrospective&nbsp;method&nbsp;of transition
 which requires a restatement of each prior reporting period presented. The Company implemented new policies
 processes and systems to enable both the preparation of financial information and internal controls over financial reporting in connection with its adoption of ASC 606. The updated accounting policy for revenue recognition follows:







			

			

			

 such as supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 and specialty retailers
 for resale under the retailers&#8217; own or controlled labels;






			

			

			

 including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators;






			

			

			

 primarily on a national&nbsp;basis to retailers;






			

			

			
			






			

			

			
			







 segment revenue is disaggregated by product category groups (in millions):




			
			

			

			


			
			


 2020

			
			


 2019

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





		

			







 or as
 the performance obligation is satisfied.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company&#8217;s primary performance obligation is the production of&nbsp;food&nbsp;products and secondarily case and labeling services and storage services for certain bill and hold sales.


















 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms
 as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 we allocate the contract&#8217;s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.&nbsp;&nbsp;The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 we have not disclosed the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for labeling and storage as of March 31
 2020 and 2019 which is included in deferred revenue.




 quantity
 price
 payment and final delivery terms.&nbsp;&nbsp;Payment terms usually include early pay discounts.&nbsp;&nbsp;We grant payment terms consistent with industry standards. Although some payment terms may be more extended
 no terms beyond one year are granted at contract inception.&nbsp;&nbsp;As a result
 we do not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component because the period between our transfer of a promised good or service to a customer and the customer&#8217;s payment for that good or service will be generally 30 days&nbsp;or less.&nbsp;&nbsp;








 some contracts include some form of variable consideration.&nbsp;&nbsp;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#8217;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
 the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions may take extended periods of time.




















 2020 is $7.6 million and none as of March 31
 2019. Contract liability balance is immaterial.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company does not have significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivable balances because of transactions with customers.&nbsp; The Company does have deferred revenue for prepaid case and labeling and storage services which have been collected from B&amp;G for Green Giant bill and hold sales.




 primarily sales commissions
 requiring capitalization under the new standard.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company continues to expense these costs as incurred because the amortization period for the costs would have been one year or less.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company does not incur significant fulfillment costs requiring capitalization.







 2016. Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total $300.0 million from April through July and $400.0 million from August through March which represents a $100 million reduction in the maximum commitment for both periods as elected by the Company in May 2020.&nbsp; The Revolver balance as of March 31
 2020 was $106.9 million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver&#8217;s July 5
 2021 maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility
 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains a financial covenant and borrowing base requirements. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of June through November and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally three months but can vary from a few days to seven months. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s need to draw on the Revolver may fluctuate significantly throughout the year.






		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			




 2.59% and 4.00%
 due through 2022

			
			


			
			
			


			




 4.54% and 4.77%
 due 2022

			
			


			
			
			


			




 3.01% and 3.19%
 due 2033

			
			


			
			
			


			




 6.35%
 due through 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2.00%
 due through 2021

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





 Revolving Credit Facility
 for discussion of the Revolver.


 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&#8217;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&#8217;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&#8217;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&#8217;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&#8217;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the EBITDA within the Farm Credit term loan which for fiscal year end 2020 will be $45 million and will be greater than $45 million
 thereafter. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met for all such financial covenants as of March 31
 2020.


















000
 less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock.


 2016
 the Company entered into a $100.0 million unsecured term loan payable to Farm Credit East
 ACA
 with a variable interest rate. The maturity date for this term loan is of December 9
 2021. The Company incurred financing costs totaling $0.2 million which have been classified as a discount to the debt.&nbsp; See Note 18
 Subsequent Event
 for additional information relating to this term loan.


 2017. At March 31
 2020 the total outstanding of this bond is $10.0 million. The bond has a variable interest rate with a maturity date of October 1
 2032.


 including the Revolver
 is $567.3 million.




			








			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			


























 and current and noncurrent operating lease obligations in the Company&#8217;s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Lease assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. If the lease does not provide an implicit rate
 the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use operating lease assets also include in its calculation any prepaid lease payments made and excludes any lease incentives received from the arrangement. The Company&#8217;s lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease
 and the impact of these options are included in the lease liability and lease asset calculations when the exercise of the option is at the Company&#8217;s sole discretion and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company will not separate lease and nonlease components for its leases when it is impractical to separate the two
 such as leases with variable payment arrangements. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet.


 machinery and equipment. The Company also has finance leases for machinery and equipment. The commencement date used for the calculation of the lease obligation is the latter of the commencement date of the new standard (April 1
 2019) or the lease start date. Certain of the leases have options to extend the life of the lease
 which are included in the liability calculation when the option is at the sole discretion of the Company and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. In addition
 the Company has certain leases that have variable payments based solely on output or usage of the leased asset. These variable operating lease assets are excluded from the Company&#8217;s balance sheet presentation and expensed as incurred. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not material. The Company currently has finance leases which were accounted for as capital leases under the previous standard and were unchanged as a result of this standard implementation.


 the Company determined its right-of-use assets related to the operating leases for its plant equipment in Sunnyside
 Washington were partially impaired and therefore were reduced with a corresponding charge to retained earnings of $2
019
000 (which is net of tax). The estimated lives of these assets will be shortened due to the planned closure of the facility after the year&#8217;s pack.






















			
			

			

			


			
			


 2020

			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			





















 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively
 as of March 31
 2020 (in thousands) were as follows:





			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 the following presents&nbsp;its future minimum lease payments for operating and capital leases under ASC Topic 840 on March 31
 2019:





			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


























		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			





		


 respectively.





		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			







 2019 PL 116-94 was enacted. This PL retroactively extended the Alternative Fuel Credit from the previous expiration date of December 31
 2017 to December 31
 2020. As a result
 the Company&nbsp;qualified to take the alternative fuel tax credit from January 1
 2018 to March 31
 2019 in 2020. This resulted in a benefit of $0.13 million in 2020.


 2020 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security (CARES) Act was enacted. The act allows companies to carryback certain net operating losses (NOL) and it changed how the business interest expense limitation is calculated allowing companies to decrease their limit. As a result
 the Company&nbsp;was able to carryback NOLs recorded on their financial statement at a 21% tax rate to the 2015 tax year when the tax rate is 35%. This resulted in a benefit of $1.7 million in 2020.






















			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





 2020 and net non-current deferred income tax assets of $2.4 million as of March&nbsp;31
 2019 are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.


 net of Federal impact)
 $1.9 million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 and $2.2&nbsp;million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 which are available to reduce future taxes payable in each respective state through 2034 (Wisconsin)
 through 2034 (New York)
 and through 2028 (California). The Company has performed the required assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets and at March&nbsp;31
 2020
 the Company has recorded a valuation allowance amounting to $4.5 million
 which relates primarily to tax credit carryforwards which management has concluded it is more likely than not they will not be realized in the ordinary course of operations. Although realization is not assured
 management has concluded that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced if actual future income or income taxes rates are lower than estimated or if there are differences in the timing or amount of future reversals of existing taxable or deductible temporary differences.


















 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company classifies the liability for uncertain tax positions in other accrued expenses or other long-term liabilities depending on their expected settlement. The change in the liability for the years ended March&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019 consists of the following:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			
			


			
			
			
			
			





 2020 and 2019 unrecognized tax benefits include $1.6 million and $0.0 million of tax positions that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties
 the disallowance of these positions would not impact the annual effective tax rate but would accelerate the payment of cash to the tax authority to an earlier period.


 2020 and 2019
 the Company recognized approximately $0.2 million increase and $0.1&nbsp;million decrease
 respectively
 in interest and penalties. As of March 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had approximately $0.2 million and $0.0 million of interest and penalties accrued
 respectively
 associated with unrecognized tax benefits.


 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 thus having a positive impact on earnings. During 2020 the statute of limitations lapsed on one uncertain tax position. The lapse resulted&nbsp;in the position no longer being uncertain. As a result of the statute of limitations lapse and in accordance with its accounting policies
 the Company recorded a decrease to the liability and a decrease to tax expense of $0.0 million.


 2016 are subject to examination. The tax year ended&nbsp;March 31
 2017 is currently under audit with the IRS.






&#8212; The Company has authorized three classes of preferred stock consisting of 200
000 shares of Six Percent (6%) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
 par value $0.25 (&#8220;6% Preferred&#8221;); 30
000 shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors
 none of which are currently designated or outstanding; and 8
200
000 shares of Preferred Stock with $.025 par value
 Class&nbsp;A
 to be issued in series by the Board of Directors (&#8220;Class&nbsp;A Preferred&#8221;). The Board of Directors has designated four series of Class&nbsp;A Preferred including 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#8212;Series&nbsp;A (&#8220;Series&nbsp;A Preferred&#8221;); 10% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&#8212;Series&nbsp;B (&#8220;Series&nbsp;B Preferred&#8221;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&nbsp;2003.


 Series&nbsp;2003 are convertible at the holders&#8217; option on a one-for-one basis into shares of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 subject to antidilution adjustments. These series of preferred stock have the right to receive dividends and distributions at a rate equal to the amount of any dividends and distributions declared or made on the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock. No dividends were declared or paid on this preferred stock in fiscal 2020 or 2019. In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
 shares of these series of preferred stock become authorized but unissued shares of Class&nbsp;A Preferred and may be reissued as part of another series of Class&nbsp;A Preferred. As of March&nbsp;31
 2020
 the Company has an aggregate of 6
764
145 shares of non-designated Class&nbsp;A Preferred authorized for issuance.


















355 shares outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2
174 conversions during the year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&nbsp;2003 was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The 967
742 shares issued in that 2003 acquisition were valued at $16.60 per share which represented the then market value of the Class&nbsp;A Common Stock into which the preferred shares were immediately convertible. This series has a liquidation preference of $15.50 per share and has 500 shares outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2020.


240 shares of Series&nbsp;A Preferred outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 which are convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and one share of Class&nbsp;B Common stock for every 20 shares of Series&nbsp;A Preferred. There are 400
000 shares of Series&nbsp;B Preferred outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 which are convertible into one share of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and one share of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock for every 30 shares of Series&nbsp;B preferred. There are 200
000 shares of 6% Preferred outstanding as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of $20
000 on the Series&nbsp;A and Series&nbsp;B Preferred and $3
000 on the 6% Preferred during each of fiscal 2020 and 2019.

&#8212; The Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and the Class&nbsp;B Common Stock have substantially identical rights with respect to any dividends or distributions of cash or property declared on shares of common stock
 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&#8217;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&nbsp;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
 whereas the holders of Class&nbsp;A Common Stock have voting rights of 1/20th of one vote per share on all matters as to which shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote. During 2020
 there were no shares of Class B Common Stock issued in lieu of cash compensation under the Company's Profit Sharing Bonus Plan.


695 of both Class&nbsp;A and Class&nbsp;B as of March&nbsp;31
 2020&nbsp;and 2019. Additionally
 there were 35
855 and 38
029 shares of Class&nbsp;A reserved for conversion of the Participating Preferred Stock as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

&#8212; During 2020
 the Company repurchased $8.8 million
 or 298
812 shares of its Class&nbsp;A Common Stock and $3.9 million or 132
305 shares of its Class B Common Stock. As of March 31
 2020
 there is a total of $88.4 million
 or 3
042
092 shares
 of repurchased stock. These shares are not considered outstanding. The Company contributed $0.1 million or 2
946 treasury shares for the 401(k) match in 2020 as described in Note 8
 Retirement Plans.

























 2020 and a statement of the unfunded status as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 and 2019:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





 2020. This unfunded status increase was recognized via the actual loss on plan assets and the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of $60.9 million after the income tax expense of $20.3 million. The increase in projected benefit obligation was a function of using an updated mortality table. The discount rate reduced from 4.14% in 2019 to 3.69% in 2020. During 2020
 the Company converted to the Pri-2012 mortality study with the Blue Collar adjustment
 with a generational projection of future mortality improvements from 2006 using Scale MP-2019 for calculating the pension obligation in 2019 and the related pension expense in 2020. The Company utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows.&nbsp;


 2020. This amendment triggered a curtailment event under ASC 715. The curtailment accelerated statement of earnings recognition of the unrecognized prior service cost resulting in $0.1 million curtailment charge.


















 2019 to $202.5 million as of March 31
 2020 due primarily to a loss on plan assets of $46.3 million from a COVID-19 induced deterioration in market conditions
 partially offset by a $26.0 million contribution by the Company. The Company made this contribution to partially offset the declines in the portfolio.




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			







			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			


 net

			


			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			




 2019

			
			


			



			

			
			


			




 2020

			
			


			









			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			





 2020 and $231.2 million at March 31
 2019.
























			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			









			
			

			

			
			

			



			
			

			

			
			




			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			























			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			











 including investment income through dividends and equity appreciation
 sufficient to meet the actuarial requirements of the Plan. The Company seeks to accomplish its return objectives by prudently investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities with broad industry representation seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices
 as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The strategy of being fully invested in equities has historically provided greater rates of return over extended periods of time. The Company&#8217;s loss on plan assets during 2020 was 19.9% as compared to the S&amp;P 500 unaudited loss (excluding dividends) of 8.8%. Plan assets include Company common stock with a fair market value of $16.6 million as of March&nbsp;31
 2020 and $12.8 million as of March&nbsp;31
 2019.




 2021 (in thousands):




			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			





















		

			








			

			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			



			

			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			


			







 respectively. In fiscal 2020 and 2019
 the matching contribution was entirely treasury stock. This stock portion of the matching contribution is valued at current market value while the treasury stock is valued at cost.







		

			







			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 including current portion

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			





 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value
 which is Level 2.







 2007 (beginning of 4th quarter of Fiscal Year 2008)
 the Company changed its inventory valuation method from the lower of cost
 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
 the Company believed that the LIFO inventory method was preferable over the FIFO method because it better compares the cost of current production to current revenue. The effect of LIFO was to increase&nbsp;continuing net earnings by $12.8 million in 2020 and to reduce net earnings by $30.4 million in 2019
 compared to what would have been reported using the FIFO inventory method. The increase&nbsp;in earnings per share was $1.38 ($1.37 diluted) in 2020; and a reduction in earnings per share of $3.14 ($3.14 diluted) in 2019. There were LIFO liquidations of $6.6 million in 2020 and $28.7 million in 2019. Most of this LIFO liquidation in 2019 is reported as Discontinued Operations since it related to the Modesto fruit (see Discontinued Operations Note 3). The inventories by category and the impact of using the LIFO method are shown in the following table:




			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			




























 a gain on the sale of a plant in the Northeast $2.0 million and a gain on the partial closure of a plant of $0.8 million. The Company also recorded a loss on the sale of an Eastern plant of $0.6 million. The Company also recorded a gain for interest rate swap of 0.3 million.







 secondarily
 the packaging and sale of prepared food products
 third
 the sale of snack products and finally
 other products. The Company markets its product almost entirely in the United States. Export sales represented 6.5% and 7.5%
 of total sales in 2020 and 2019
 respectively. In 2020 and 2019
 the sale of Green Giant vegetables accounted for 9% and 6% of net sales
 respectively. &#8220;Other&#8221; in the table below represents activity related to can sales
 trucking
 seed sales
 and flight operations.




			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

202

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

335

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			

091

			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			

199

			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			









			

			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			

335

			
			
			

199

			





		

			


























 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&#8217; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but not limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does not believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.







 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $7.0 million related to the closing of plants in the Midwest and Northwest of which 5.3 million was for accelerated amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets
 $2.4 million was mostly related to equipment moves and $1.2 million was related to severance. The Company also recorded a credit of $1.9 million for the reduced lease liability of previously impaired leases.


 the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $11.7 million. Of this amount
 $2.3 relates to the partial closure of a plant in the Midwest ($1.8 million is equipment moves and $0.5 is severance)
 $1.3 million related to the sale of a plant in the Northeast ($0.8 million is equipment moves and $0.5 million is severance)
 and $0.3 million for the partial sale of a plant in the Northwest ($0.2 million is severance
 $0.1 million is mostly equipment moves). In addition
 the company recorded a charge for an impairment of long-term assets of $7.8 million.








			
			
			
			
			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			
			
			
			


			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2018

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 2019

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			



			

			
			


			
			
			


			
			
			


			




 2020

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			


























 which supplied the Company approximately $2.3 million and $2.4 million
 pursuant to a raw vegetable grower contract in fiscal 2020 and 2019
 respectively.&nbsp; The Chairman of the Audit Committee reviewed the relationship and determined that the contract was negotiated at arm's length and on no more favorable terms than to other growers in the marketplace.


 2020 and 2019
 the Company made charitable contributions to a related party foundation in the amount of approximately $0.3 million and $0.3&nbsp;million
 respectively. The Foundation is a nonprofit entity that supports charitable activities by making grants to unrelated organizations or institutions. This Foundation is managed by current employees of the Company.







 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East. This agreement continues the $100.0 million unsecured term loan and extends the maturity date to June 2025. The loan will bear a fixed interest rate of 3.3012%. This agreement also contains certain covenants
 including minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth.&nbsp;























 2020 and the related statements of consolidated net earnings
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of March 31
 2020 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 2020
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#8220;PCAOB&#8221;)
 (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Our report dated July 2
 2020 expresses an unqualified opinion.




 the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in 2020 due to the adoption of ASU No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 as amended
 effective April 1
 2019.&nbsp; The Company adopted the new lease standard using the optional transition method.






 whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 PC&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



 Michigan &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

 2020&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

























 New York




 2019
 the related consolidated statement of earnings (loss)
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#8217; equity
 and cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at March 31
 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31








 whether due to error or fraud.


 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.



 LLP


 Wisconsin
June 13
 2019



















 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 2020. In making this assessment
. Based on our assessment
 management believes that
 as of March 31
 2020
 our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria.
























 2020 of Seneca Foods Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the &#8220;COSO framework&#8221;). In our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 31
 2020 based on criteria established in the COSO framework.


 2020
 the related consolidated statements of net earnings
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders' equity
 and cash flows for the year ended March 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &#8220;financial statements&#8221;)
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our report dated July 2
 2020
 expresses an unqualified opinion.




 Management&#8217;s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 PC




 Michigan&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2020&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


















 as of March 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The high and low closing prices of the Company&#8217;s common stock during each quarter of the past two years are shown below:




			

			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			






			

			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			
			

			

			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			



			

			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			
			




 2020
 the most restrictive credit agreement limitation on the Company&#8217;s payment of dividends
 to holders of Class&nbsp;A or Class&nbsp;B Common Stock is an annual total limitation of $50
000
 reduced by aggregate annual dividend payments totaling $23
000 that the Company presently pays on two outstanding classes of preferred stock. Payment of dividends to common stockholders is made at the discretion of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors and depends
 among other factors
 on earnings; capital requirements; and the operating and financial condition of the Company. The Company has not declared or paid a common dividend in many years.


























	
	








 directly or indirectly:





			


			


		
			
			



			


			





			



			


			



			
			



			


			





			



			


			





&nbsp;LLC


			




			


			





 Inc.


			






















	
	









 333-145916 and 333-166846) on Form S-8 of Seneca Foods Corporation with respect to our reports dated July 2
 2020
 relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of Seneca Foods Corporation&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting
 which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on From 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated July 2
 2020 relating to the financial statement schedule
 which appears in this Form 10-K.


 PC



 2020

 Michigan



















	
	











 New York 14505


 333-145916 and 333-166846) of Seneca Foods Corporation of our report dated June 13
 2019
 relating to the consolidated financial statements
 which appear in the Annual Report to Shareholders
 which is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated June 13
 2019 relating to the financial statement schedule
 which appears in this Form 10-K.


 LLP

 Wisconsin


 2020



















	
	









 Kraig H. Kayser
 certify that:



			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






			

			

			

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






			

			

			
			





		
			

			



 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and






			

			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.






		


 2020


			


		
			

			
			






















	
	









 Timothy J. Benjamin
 certify that:



			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;






			

			

			

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;






			

			

			
			






			

			

			

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;





		
			

			



 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;&nbsp;





		
			

			



 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and





		
			

			



 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and






			

			

			

 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#8217;s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant&#8217;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):





		
			

			



 process
 summarize and report financial information; and





		
			

			



 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting.






		


 2020


			


		
			

			

 Chief Financial Officer
			






















	
	






18. U.S.C. SECTION 1350






 2020&nbsp;as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report)
 we
 Kraig H. Kayser
 President
 Chief Executive Officer and Timothy J. Benjamin
 Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to our knowledge:


		

			


			





		

			



 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant.






		
			

			


		
			

			
			

 2020







		
			

			


		
			


 Chief Financial Officer
			

 2020

























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 $.25 Par Common Stock Class B

  

 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 are presented separately on the consolidated balance sheet at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less costs to sell and depreciation is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
























 and current and noncurrent operating lease obligations in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Lease assets represent the Company&amp;#x2019;s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. If the lease does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; provide an implicit rate
 the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The right-of-use operating lease assets also include in its calculation any prepaid lease payments made and excludes any lease incentives received from the arrangement. The Company&amp;#x2019;s lease terms &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;include options to extend or terminate the lease
 and the impact of these options are included in the lease liability and lease asset calculations when the exercise of the option is at the Company&amp;#x2019;s sole discretion and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; separate lease and nonlease components for its leases when it is impractical to separate the two

 machinery and equipment. The Company also has finance leases for machinery and equipment. The commencement date used for the calculation of the lease obligation is the latter of the commencement date of the new standard (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2019) &lt;/div&gt;or the lease start date. Certain of the leases have options to extend the life of the lease
 which are included in the liability calculation when the option is at the sole discretion of the Company and it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option. In addition

&lt;/div&gt; the Company determined its right-of-use assets related to the operating leases for its plant equipment in Sunnyside
 Washington were partially impaired and therefore were reduced with a corresponding charge to retained earnings of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
019













 along with a reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating and financing lease liabilities
 respectively
 as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31






















366&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt;&gt;As the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; restated prior year information for its adoption of ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;842
&lt;/div&gt; the following presents&amp;nbsp;its future minimum lease payments for operating and capital leases under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;840&lt;/div&gt; on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31



















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  





  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 the Company is made a party to certain legal proceedings seeking monetary damages
 including proceedings involving product liability claims
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation along with other employee claims
 tort and other general liability claims
 for which it carries insurance
 as well as patent infringement and related litigation. The Company is in a highly regulated industry and is also periodically involved in government actions for regulatory violations and other matters surrounding the manufacturing of its products
 including
 but &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; limited to
 environmental
 employee
 and product safety issues. While it is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters
 the Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; believe that an adverse decision in any of these legal proceedings would have a material adverse impact on its financial position
 results of operations

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales in each of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;ten&lt;/div&gt; customers
 including B &amp;amp; G Foods
 represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;49%
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;47%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 profits

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2016. &lt;/div&gt;Maximum borrowings under the Revolver total &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$300.0&lt;/div&gt; million from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$400.0&lt;/div&gt; million from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; August &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March &lt;/div&gt;which represents a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$100&lt;/div&gt; million reduction in the maximum commitment for both periods as elected by the Company in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; May 2020.&amp;nbsp; &lt;/div&gt;The Revolver balance as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$106.9&lt;/div&gt; million and is included in Long-Term Debt in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet due to the Revolver&amp;#x2019;s &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 5
 2021 &lt;/div&gt;maturity. In order to maintain availability of funds under the facility
 the Company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver. The Revolver is secured by the Company&amp;#x2019;s accounts receivable and inventories and contains a financial covenant and borrowing base requirements. The Company utilizes its Revolver for general corporate purposes
 including seasonal working capital needs
 to pay debt principal and interest obligations
 and to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. Seasonal working capital needs are affected by the growing cycles of the vegetables the Company packages. The majority of vegetable inventories are produced during the months of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June &lt;/div&gt;through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; November &lt;/div&gt;and are then sold over the following year. Payment terms for vegetable produce are generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; months but can vary from a few days to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;seven&lt;/div&gt; months. Accordingly

  
  
  
  
  
  

 which is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$26.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$29.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 and represent a separate major line of business or geographical area that can be clearly distinguished for operational and financial reporting purposes. In fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; the Company sold its Modesto fruit operations and began reporting the results of operations


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  

  

 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company had&amp;nbsp;certain operating units in the Midwest that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale
 which requires the Company to present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2019 &lt;/div&gt;Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet.&amp;nbsp; The Company is required to record the assets held for sale at the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs to sell.&amp;nbsp; The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities that were held for sale in our &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31





 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company executed a nonbinding letter of intent with a perspective buyer of the Modesto facility. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; October 9
 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company closed on the sale of the facility to this outside buyer with net proceeds of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$63
326
000.&lt;/div&gt; Based on its magnitude of revenue to the Company (approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15%&lt;/div&gt;) and because the Company was exiting the production of peaches
 this sale represented a significant strategic shift that has a material effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s operations and financial results. Accordingly



























000&lt;/div&gt; credit for pension termination in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 100%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; Includes &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3
746

211
000&lt;/div&gt; gain as a result of&amp;nbsp; LIFO layer liquidations from the disposal of the inventory for fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 100%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(d) Includes &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$51
446
000&lt;/div&gt; gain on the sale of Modesto plant and equipment in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 100%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;, Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(e) Includes a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4
975



  
  
  
  
  
  





  





  
  
  
  
  







































  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  












 the Company makes use of observable market based inputs to calculate fair value


 accounts receivable
 short-term debt (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11
&lt;/div&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments

  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










 2019 &lt;/div&gt;PL &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;116&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;94&lt;/div&gt; was enacted. This PL retroactively extended the Alternative Fuel Credit from the previous expiration date of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2017 &lt;/div&gt;to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 31
 2020. &lt;/div&gt;As a result
 the Company&amp;nbsp;qualified to take the alternative fuel tax credit from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1
 2018 &lt;/div&gt;to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31

 2020 &lt;/div&gt;the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security (CARES) Act was enacted. The act allows companies to carryback certain net operating losses (NOL) and it changed how the business interest expense limitation is calculated allowing companies to decrease their limit. As a result
























&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and net non-current deferred income tax assets of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31

 net of Federal impact)
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million (New York
 net of Federal impact)
 and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million (Wisconsin
 net of Federal impact)
 which are available to reduce future taxes payable in each respective state through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2034&lt;/div&gt; (Wisconsin)
 through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2034&lt;/div&gt; (New York)
 and through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2028&lt;/div&gt; (California). The Company has performed the required assessment regarding the realization of deferred tax assets and at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/div&gt; the Company has recorded a valuation allowance amounting to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$4.5&lt;/div&gt; million
 which relates primarily to tax credit carryforwards which management has concluded it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; they will &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; be realized in the ordinary course of operations. Although realization is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; assured
 management has concluded that it is more likely than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; that the deferred tax assets for which a valuation allowance was determined to be unnecessary will be realized in the ordinary course of operations. The amount of net deferred tax assets considered realizable
 however

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. The Company classifies the liability for uncertain tax positions in other accrued expenses or other long-term liabilities depending on their expected settlement. The change in the liability for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31




 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; unrecognized tax benefits include &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.0&lt;/div&gt; million of tax positions that are highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing. Because of the impact of deferred tax accounting
 other than interest and penalties

 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; the Company recognized approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million increase and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;million decrease
 respectively
 in interest and penalties. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019
&lt;/div&gt; the Company had approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.0&lt;/div&gt; million of interest and penalties accrued
 respectively

 there is the possibility that the ultimate resolution could have an adverse effect on the earnings of the Company. Conversely
 if resolved favorably in the future
 the related provisions would be reduced
 thus having a positive impact on earnings. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; the statute of limitations lapsed on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; uncertain tax position. The lapse resulted&amp;nbsp;in the position &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer being uncertain. As a result of the statute of limitations lapse and in accordance with its accounting policies

 2016 &lt;/div&gt;are subject to examination. The tax year ended&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31

  
  
  

 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&amp;#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income

 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  

&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2007&lt;/div&gt; (beginning of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4th&lt;/div&gt; quarter of Fiscal Year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2008&lt;/div&gt;)
 the Company changed its inventory valuation method from the lower of cost
 determined under the FIFO method
 or market to the lower of cost
 determined under the LIFO method
 or market. In the high inflation environment that the Company was experiencing
 the Company believed that the LIFO inventory method was preferable over the FIFO method because it better compares the cost of current production to current revenue. The effect of LIFO was to increase&amp;nbsp;continuing net earnings by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$12.8&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and to reduce net earnings by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$30.4&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019













  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  













  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2.59% and 4.00%



 4.54% and 4.77%



 3.01% and 3.19%



 6.35%

 2.00%





&lt;/div&gt; Revolving Credit Facility

 including the Revolver and term loan
 contain covenants that restrict the Company&amp;#x2019;s ability to incur additional indebtedness
 pay dividends on the Company&amp;#x2019;s capital stock
 make other restricted payments
 including investments
 sell the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets
 incur liens
 transfer all or substantially all of the Company&amp;#x2019;s assets and enter into consolidations or mergers. The Company&amp;#x2019;s debt agreements also require the Company to meet certain financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 a minimum EBITDA and minimum tangible net worth. The Revolver also contains borrowing base requirements related to accounts receivable and inventories. These financial requirements and ratios generally become more restrictive over time and are subject to allowances for seasonal fluctuations. The most restrictive financial covenant in the debt agreements is the EBITDA within the Farm Credit term loan which for fiscal year end &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; will be &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$45&lt;/div&gt; million and will be greater than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$45&lt;/div&gt; million
 thereafter. The Company computes its financial covenants as if the Company were on the FIFO method of inventory accounting. The Company has met for all such financial covenants as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31

000
&lt;/div&gt; less aggregate annual dividend payments totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$23

 2016
 &lt;/div&gt;the Company entered into a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$100.0&lt;/div&gt; million unsecured term loan payable to Farm Credit East
 ACA
 with a variable interest rate. The maturity date for this term loan is of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 9
 2021. &lt;/div&gt;The Company incurred financing costs totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million which have been classified as a discount to the debt.&amp;nbsp; See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18
&lt;/div&gt; Subsequent Event

 2017. &lt;/div&gt;At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020 &lt;/div&gt;the total outstanding of this bond is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$10.0&lt;/div&gt; million. The bond has a variable interest rate with a maturity date of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; October 1

 including the Revolver




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;02
&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases.&amp;#x201d; ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#x201c;ROU&amp;#x201d;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; months. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 2018
 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11
&lt;/div&gt; Targeted Improvements &amp;#x2013; Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;). This update provides an optional transition method that allows entities to elect to apply the standard retrospectively at the beginning of the period of adoption, versus recasting the prior periods presented. If elected, an entity would recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15, 2018. &lt;/div&gt;We adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1, 2019, &lt;/div&gt;using the optional transition method provided by ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; The standard resulted in the initial recognition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$88,333,000&lt;/div&gt; of total operating lease assets and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$91,025,000&lt;/div&gt; of net operating lease liabilities and a net adjustment to retained earnings totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2,019,000&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2,692,000&lt;/div&gt; less tax effect of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$673,000&lt;/div&gt;) on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1, 2019. &lt;/div&gt;The standard did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; materially impact the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income or Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. At adoption, the Company recorded an adjustment to retained earnings of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2,019,000,&lt;/div&gt; which includes an impairment loss that was related to a Northwest plant impairment which was incurred in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 2019 &lt;/div&gt;just prior to adoption of this standard. The disclosures required by the recently adopted accounting standard are included in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt; of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; August 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits&amp;#x2014;Defined Benefit Plans&amp;#x2014;General (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;715&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;): Disclosure Framework&amp;#x2014;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans&lt;/div&gt;, which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/div&gt; is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15, 2020, &lt;/div&gt;with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this ASU should be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. We are currently evaluating the effect that ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/div&gt; will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 2019, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes, step-up in tax basis goodwill, separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enacted tax laws or rate changes. The new standard will be effective for the Company in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2022.&lt;/div&gt; We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position, results of operations and related disclosures.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June 2016, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13,&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments
 which was subsequently amended in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; November 2018 &lt;/div&gt;through ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19,&lt;/div&gt; Codification Improvements to Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;326
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;. Retirement Plans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company has a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan (the &amp;#x201c;Plan&amp;#x201d;) covering all employees who meet certain age-entry requirements and work a stated minimum number of hours per year. Annual contributions are made to the Plan sufficient to satisfy legal funding requirements.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following tables provide a reconciliation of the changes in the Plan&amp;#x2019;s benefit obligation and fair value of plan assets over the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt;-year period ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and a statement of the unfunded status as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Change in Benefit Obligation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;250,461&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;236,134&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,244&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8,954&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,064&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,131&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Liability gain due to curtailment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,114&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,113&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit payments and expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(9,574&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(7,871&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;278,227&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;250,461&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Change in Plan Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;233,112&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;212,844&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Actual (loss) gain on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(46,325&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,731&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit payments and expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(10,302&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(8,563&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202,485&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;233,112&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Unfunded Status&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(75,742&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(17,349&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The unfunded status increased by &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$58.4&lt;/div&gt; million during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; reflecting the actual fair value of plan assets and the projected benefit obligation as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2020. &lt;/div&gt;This unfunded status increase was recognized via the actual loss on plan assets and the increase in accumulated other comprehensive loss of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$60.9&lt;/div&gt; million after the income tax expense of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$20.3&lt;/div&gt; million. The increase in projected benefit obligation was a function of using an updated mortality table. The discount rate reduced from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14%&lt;/div&gt; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.69%&lt;/div&gt; in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/div&gt; During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/div&gt; the Company converted to the Pri-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2012&lt;/div&gt; mortality study with the Blue Collar adjustment, with a generational projection of future mortality improvements from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2006&lt;/div&gt; using Scale MP-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; for calculating the pension obligation in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and the related pension expense in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/div&gt; The Company utilizes a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in determination of the benefit obligation to their underlying projected cash flows.&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Plan was amended to freeze accruals to new hires and rehires effective &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; January 1, 2020. &lt;/div&gt;This amendment triggered a curtailment event under ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;715.&lt;/div&gt; The curtailment accelerated statement of earnings recognition of the unrecognized prior service cost resulting in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million curtailment charge.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Plan assets decreased from &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$233.1&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2019 &lt;/div&gt;to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$202.5&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2020 &lt;/div&gt;due primarily to a loss on plan assets of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$46.3&lt;/div&gt; million from a COVID-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/div&gt; induced deterioration in market conditions, partially offset by a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$26.0&lt;/div&gt; million contribution by the Company. The Company made this contribution to partially offset the declines in the portfolio.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Pre-Tax Loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prior service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(349&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(587&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(105,866&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(24,305&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive pre-tax loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(106,215&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(24,892&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pension and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;post retirement plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;adjustments, net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;of tax&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 81%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance at March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(18,285&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other comprehensive loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(60,935&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance at March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(79,220&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table provides the components of net periodic benefit cost for the Plan for fiscal years &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Service cost including administration&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,935&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,646&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,064&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,131&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(16,746&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(15,104&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Amortization of net loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;579&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,597&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prior service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;120&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,952&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,389&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Settlement/curtailment expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;118&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit cost with curtailment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,070&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,389&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Plan&amp;#x2019;s accumulated benefit obligation was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$256.4&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$231.2&lt;/div&gt; million at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2019.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Prior service costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of active participants. Gains and losses in excess of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; of the greater of the benefit obligation and the market-related value of assets are amortized over the average remaining service period of active participants.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The assumptions used to measure the Company&amp;#x2019;s benefit obligation and pension expense are shown in the following table:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Assumptions for Balance Sheet Liability at End of Year:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - projected benefit obligation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.69&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Assumptions for Benefit Cost at Beginning of Year:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - benefit obligations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.15&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - interest cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.74&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.87&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - interest on service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.69&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company's plan assets consist of the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Target&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Percentage of Plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Assets at March 31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 55%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Plan Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;97&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Debt securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Real estate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Market Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Market Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Assets by Industry Type&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,058&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,387&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,058&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,387&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Common equity securities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Materials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8,772&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,331&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Industrials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15,440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16,080&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Telecommunication services&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;25,093&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24,370&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Consumer staples&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;43,486&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Energy&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;28,538&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;38,230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Financials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;22,275&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;34,521&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Health care&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,247&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Information technology&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20,657&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;28,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Utilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;32,130&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;36,710&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total common equity securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;195,427&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;231,725&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202,485&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;233,112&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Expected Return on Plan Assets&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The expected long-term rate of return on Plan assets is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25%.&lt;/div&gt; The Company expects &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25%&lt;/div&gt; to fall within the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;40&lt;/div&gt;-to-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;percentile range of returns on investment portfolios with asset diversification similar to that of the Plan&amp;#x2019;s target asset allocation.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Investment Policy and Strategy&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company maintains an investment policy designed to achieve a long-term rate of return, including investment income through dividends and equity appreciation, sufficient to meet the actuarial requirements of the Plan. The Company seeks to accomplish its return objectives by prudently investing in a diversified portfolio of public company equities with broad industry representation seeking to provide long-term growth consistent with the performance of relevant market indices, as well as maintain an adequate level of liquidity for pension distributions as they fall due. The strategy of being fully invested in equities has historically provided greater rates of return over extended periods of time. The Company&amp;#x2019;s loss on plan assets during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19.9%&lt;/div&gt; as compared to the S&amp;amp;P &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt; unaudited loss (excluding dividends) of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8.8%.&lt;/div&gt; Plan assets include Company common stock with a fair market value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$16.6&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$12.8&lt;/div&gt; million as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cash Flows&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Expected contributions for fiscal year ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; (in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; margin-left: 36pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 81%;&gt;Expected Employer Contributions&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;Expected Employee Contributions&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td colspan=4 style=width: 100%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Estimated future benefit payments reflecting expected future service for the fiscal years ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31 (&lt;/div&gt;in thousands):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,102&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,785&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,490&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2024&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12,259&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2025&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13,022&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 82%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2026-2030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;75,047&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/div&gt;(k) Plans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;. Other Operating Income and Expense&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other operating income in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; includes a gain on the partial sale of a plant in the Midwest of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.3&lt;/div&gt; million and a gain on the sale of a plant in the Northwest of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$8.2&lt;/div&gt; million. The Company also recorded a gain on the sale of unused fixed assets of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Related Party Transactions&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A small percentage (less than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1%&lt;/div&gt; in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;) of vegetables supplied to the Company&amp;#x2019;s New York packaging plants are grown by a director of Seneca Foods Corporation, which supplied the Company approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.3&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million, pursuant to a raw vegetable grower contract in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&amp;nbsp; The Chairman of the Audit Committee reviewed the relationship and determined that the contract was negotiated at arm's length and on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; more favorable terms than to other growers in the marketplace.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;. Plant Restructuring&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/div&gt; the Company recorded a restructuring charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$7.0&lt;/div&gt; million related to the closing of plants in the Midwest and Northwest of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.3&lt;/div&gt; million was for accelerated amortization of right-of-use operating lease assets, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.4&lt;/div&gt; million was mostly related to equipment moves and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.2&lt;/div&gt; million was related to severance. The Company also recorded a credit of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.9&lt;/div&gt; million for the reduced lease liability of previously impaired leases.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; the Company recorded a restructuring charge of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$11.7&lt;/div&gt; million. Of this amount, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.3&lt;/div&gt; relates to the partial closure of a plant in the Midwest (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.8&lt;/div&gt; million is equipment moves and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; is severance), &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$1.3&lt;/div&gt; million related to the sale of a plant in the Northeast (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.8&lt;/div&gt; million is equipment moves and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.5&lt;/div&gt; million is severance), and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million for the partial sale of a plant in the Northwest (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.2&lt;/div&gt; million is severance, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million is mostly equipment moves). In addition, the company recorded a charge for an impairment of long-term assets of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$7.8&lt;/div&gt; million.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;These charges are included under Plant Restructuring in the Consolidated Statements of Net Earnings. Severance Payable and Other Costs Payable are included in Other Accrued Expenses on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following table summarizes the severance and other cost recorded and the accruals established during &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Severance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 43%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance March 31, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Charge to expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,508&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,149&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,657&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash payments/write offs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,283&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(10,148&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(11,431&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;225&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;226&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Charge to expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,229&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,817&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,046&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash payments/write offs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,252&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(5,818&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(7,070&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In general, control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms, as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,&lt;/div&gt; Revenue Recognition, for further discussion of the policy.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company adopted Accounting Standard Codification Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;606,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customer&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;s&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;(&amp;#x201c;ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;606&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt;) as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1, 2018, &lt;/div&gt;utilizing the&amp;nbsp;full&amp;nbsp;retrospective&amp;nbsp;method&amp;nbsp;of transition, which requires a restatement of each prior reporting period presented. The Company implemented new policies, processes and systems to enable both the preparation of financial information and internal controls over financial reporting in connection with its adoption of ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;606.&lt;/div&gt; The updated accounting policy for revenue recognition follows:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Nature of products&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 35pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;We manufacture and sell the following:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;private label products to retailers, such as supermarkets, mass merchandisers, and specialty retailers, for resale under the retailers&amp;#x2019; own or controlled labels;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;private label and branded products to the foodservice industry, including foodservice distributors and national restaurant operators;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;branded products under our own proprietary brands, primarily on a national&amp;nbsp;basis to retailers;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;branded products under co-pack agreements to other major branded companies for their distribution; and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;products to our industrial customer base for repackaging in portion control packages and for use as ingredients by other food manufacturers.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 35pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Disaggregation of revenue&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In the following table, segment revenue is disaggregated by product category groups (in millions):&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 35pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Year Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 62%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Canned Vegetables&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;877.4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;815.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;B&amp;amp;G*&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;122.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;71.2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Frozen&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;105.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;113.1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fruit Products&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;97.4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;91.9&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Chip Products&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11.5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9.7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prepared Foods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;105.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;79.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16.7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18.3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,335.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,199.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=width: 95.1%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;*B&amp;amp;G includes both canned and frozen vegetable sales exclusively for B&amp;amp;G under the Green Giant label.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;When Performance Obligations Are Satisfied&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account for revenue recognition.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;A contract&amp;#x2019;s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company&amp;#x2019;s primary performance obligation is the production of&amp;nbsp;food&amp;nbsp;products and secondarily case and labeling services and storage services for certain bill and hold sales.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In general, control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms, as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Customer contracts generally do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; include more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; performance obligation.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;When a contract does contain more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; performance obligation, we allocate the contract&amp;#x2019;s transaction price to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The standalone selling price for each distinct good is generally determined by directly observable data.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The performance obligations in our contracts are generally satisfied within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year. As such, we have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; disclosed the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for labeling and storage as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2020 &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; which is included in deferred revenue.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Significant Payment Terms&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Our customer contracts identify the product, quantity, price, payment and final delivery terms.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Payment terms usually include early pay discounts.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;We grant payment terms consistent with industry standards. Although some payment terms &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be more extended, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; terms beyond &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year are granted at contract inception.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;As a result, we do &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component because the period between our transfer of a promised good or service to a customer and the customer&amp;#x2019;s payment for that good or service will be generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; days&amp;nbsp;or less.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Shipping&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in the cost of sales; this includes shipping and handling costs after control over a product has transferred to a customer.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Variable Consideration&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In addition to fixed contract consideration, some contracts include some form of variable consideration.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&amp;#x2019;s branded products, and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs, which are recorded as a reduction of sales, include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space, to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result, the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;take extended periods of time.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Contract balances&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Contract asset balance as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2020 &lt;/div&gt;is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$7.6&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2019. &lt;/div&gt;Contract liability balance is immaterial.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;The Company does &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; have significant deferred revenue or unbilled receivable balances because of transactions with customers.&amp;nbsp; The Company does have deferred revenue for prepaid case and labeling and storage services which have been collected from B&amp;amp;G for Green Giant bill and hold sales.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Contract Costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Target&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Percentage of Plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Allocation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Assets at March 31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 55%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Plan Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;97&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Debt securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Real estate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Market Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Market Value&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Assets by Industry Type&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Asset Category&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Money market funds&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,058&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,387&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total cash and cash equivalents&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,058&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,387&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Common equity securities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Materials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8,772&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,331&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Industrials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15,440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16,080&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Telecommunication services&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;25,093&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24,370&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Consumer staples&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,522&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;43,486&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Energy&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;28,538&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;38,230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Financials&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;22,275&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;34,521&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Health care&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,247&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Information technology&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20,657&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;28,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Utilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;32,130&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;36,710&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total common equity securities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;195,427&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;231,725&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202,485&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;233,112&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Pre-Tax Loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prior service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(349&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(587&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(105,866&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(24,305&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accumulated other comprehensive pre-tax loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(106,215&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(24,892&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Pension and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;post retirement plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;adjustments, net&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;of tax&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 81%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance at March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(18,285&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other comprehensive loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(60,935&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance at March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(79,220&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Assumptions for Balance Sheet Liability at End of Year:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - projected benefit obligation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.69&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Weighted Average Assumptions for Benefit Cost at Beginning of Year:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - benefit obligations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.15&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - interest cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.74&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.87&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discount rate - interest on service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.69&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.14&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.25&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Change in Benefit Obligation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;250,461&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;236,134&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,244&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8,954&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,064&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,131&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Liability gain due to curtailment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,114&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,113&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit payments and expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(9,574&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(7,871&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;278,227&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;250,461&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Change in Plan Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;233,112&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;212,844&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Actual (loss) gain on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(46,325&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,731&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,100&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Benefit payments and expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(10,302&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(8,563&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202,485&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;233,112&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Unfunded Status&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(75,742&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(17,349&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Current:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,912&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(283&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,187&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;93&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 27pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(725&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(190&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14,251&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,220&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;State&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,278&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(310&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 27pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15,529&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;910&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total income taxes (1)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14,804&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;720&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Revolving credit facility, 2.59% and 4.00%, due through 2022&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;106,924&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;155,278&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Farm Credit term loan, 4.54% and 4.77%, due 2022&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;99,941&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;99,906&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Bluegrass tax exempt bonds, 3.01% and 3.19%, due 2033&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Secured promissory note, 6.35%, due through 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;262&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Economic development note, 2.00%, due through 2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;583&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;216&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;216&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;217,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;266,245&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less current portion&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;345&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;217,081&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;265,900&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred income tax assets:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Future tax credits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,124&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Inventory valuation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;163&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Restructuring reserve&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;220&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,071&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Employee benefits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,219&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,030&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Insurance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;616&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;312&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Other comprehensive loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,562&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6,250&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Interest&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Future federal tax credits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;654&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Prepaid revenue&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;565&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;528&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;186&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;298&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Net operating loss and other tax attribute carryovers&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,233&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,628&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Total assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;38,369&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;21,907&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deferred income tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Property basis and depreciation difference&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12,664&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13,049&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Inventory valuation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;534&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Intangibles&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;208&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;286&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Income from equity investment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,239&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Right of use assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,373&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Pension&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,540&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,633&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,024&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15,502&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Valuation allowance - non-current&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,473&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,988&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net deferred income tax asset&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,872&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,417&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 10%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Service cost including administration&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,935&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,646&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,064&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,131&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(16,746&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(15,104&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Amortization of net loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;579&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,597&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prior service cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;120&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,952&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,389&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Settlement/curtailment expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;118&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net periodic benefit cost with curtailment&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,070&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,389&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment (net)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,568&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current Assets Held For Sale&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,568&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 181.91px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Capital Lease Obligations Current Portion&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;61&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current Liabilities Held For Sale&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;61&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 181.91px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;305&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 495px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Noncurrent Liabilities Held For Sale&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 624px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 10px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;305&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other Current Assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;182&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;98&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current Assets Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;182&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;98&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other Assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,026&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,143&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Noncurrent Assets Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,026&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,143&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;880&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,285&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current Liabilities Held For Sale-Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;880&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,285&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;111,693&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Costs and Expenses:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 9pt;&gt;Cost of Product Sold&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;57&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;129,872&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Selling, General and Administrative&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,135&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Plant Restructuring Charge (a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,150&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,515&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Interest Expense (b)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,077&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total cost and expenses&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,093&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;136,599&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (Loss) From Discontinued Operations Before Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,093&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(24,906&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Gain on the Sale of Assets Before Income Taxes (c) (d) (e)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(430&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(80,632&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Income Tax Expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;376&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13,496&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,147&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Supplemental Information on Discontinued Operations:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Capital Expenditures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,937&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Depreciation&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,302&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: auto; margin-left: 0pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Years ended March 31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Continuing Operations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Continuing operations earnings (loss)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;51,188&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,483&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deduct preferred stock dividends&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Undistributed earnings (loss)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;51,165&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,506&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to participating preferred shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(143&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50,959&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Basic earnings (loss) from continuing operations per common share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(3.77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50,959&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Add dividends on convertible preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to common stock on a diluted basis&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50,979&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;67&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total shares for diluted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,333&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) from continuing operations per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(3.77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: auto; margin-left: 0pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Years ended March 31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Discontinued Operations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discontinued operations earnings&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,147&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deduct preferred stock dividends&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Undistributed earnings&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,124&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,207&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to participating preferred shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;166&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Basic earnings from discontinued operations per common share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.36&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Add dividends on convertible preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to common stock on a diluted basis&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,139&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,061&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;67&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;67&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total shares for diluted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,333&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Diluted earnings from discontinued operations per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 70%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Computed (expected tax rate)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;21.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;21.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State income taxes (net of federal tax benefit)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;State tax credits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(0.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Federal credits&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(0.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Addition to uncertain tax positions&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other permanent differences not deductible&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(0.2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.7&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(0.2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Tax law change&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(2.8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(0.6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; margin-left: 18pt;&gt;Effective income tax rate&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;22.0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;25.9&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 62%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Classes of similar products/services:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Sales:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Green Giant *&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;122,764&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;71,161&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Canned vegetables&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;877,391&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;815,780&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Frozen&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;104,980&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;113,115&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fruit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;97,393&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;91,941&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prepared foods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;105,044&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;79,593&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Snack&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,475&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,684&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18,307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,335,769&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,199,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,102&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2022&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,785&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,490&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2024&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12,259&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td colspan=1 style=width: 82%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2025&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13,022&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 82%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2026-2030&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;75,047&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 15%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 64%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Finished products&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;351,251&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;454,920&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;In process&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31,173&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,045&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Raw materials and supplies&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;173,474&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;166,060&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;555,898&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;663,025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Less excess of FIFO cost over LIFO cost&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;144,267&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;161,341&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total inventories&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;411,631&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;501,684&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Years ending March 31:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2021&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2022&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;206,865&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2023&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2024&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2025&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Thereafter&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,216&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;217,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Severance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Cost&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 43%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance March 31, 2018&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Charge to expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,508&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10,149&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,657&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash payments/write offs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,283&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(10,148&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(11,431&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance March 31, 2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;225&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;226&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Charge to expense&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,229&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5,817&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7,046&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Cash payments/write offs&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,252&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(5,818&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(7,070&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Balance March 31, 2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;202&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-; min-width: 700px;&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Fruit and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Prepared&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Vegetable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Foods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Snack&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 40%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2020:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,202,528&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;105,044&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,475&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,335,769&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating income (loss)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;65,921&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,774&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;837&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;70,524&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;853,438&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;51,803&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,054&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;773&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;908,068&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;63,543&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,122&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;756&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;66,440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,486&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,564&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;207&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;676&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30,933&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2019:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,091,997&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;79,593&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,684&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18,307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,199,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(34,145&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(2,736&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,190&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(38,079&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;788,860&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;55,378&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,056&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,347&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;847,641&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;33,794&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,427&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;54&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,354&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;37,629&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24,785&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,980&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;249&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;919&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;29,933&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;. Segment Information&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company manages its business on the basis of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; reportable segments &amp;#x2014; the primary segment is the packaging and sale of fruits and vegetables, secondarily, the packaging and sale of prepared food products, third, the sale of snack products and finally, other products. The Company markets its product almost entirely in the United States. Export sales represented &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6.5%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7.5%,&lt;/div&gt; of total sales in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; the sale of Green Giant vegetables accounted for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9%&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales, respectively. &amp;#x201c;Other&amp;#x201d; in the table below represents activity related to can sales, trucking, seed sales, and flight operations.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Fruit and&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Prepared&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Vegetable&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Foods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Snack&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 40%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2020:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,202,528&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;105,044&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,475&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,335,769&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating income (loss)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;65,921&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,774&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;837&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;70,524&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;853,438&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;51,803&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,054&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;773&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;908,068&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;63,543&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,122&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;756&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;66,440&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;26,486&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,564&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;207&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;676&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30,933&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;2019:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,091,997&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;79,593&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,684&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18,307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,199,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Operating loss&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(34,145&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(2,736&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(8&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(1,190&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(38,079&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Identifiable assets&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;788,860&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;55,378&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,056&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,347&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;847,641&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Capital expenditures&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;33,794&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,427&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;54&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2,354&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;37,629&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Depreciation and amortization&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;24,785&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3,980&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;249&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;919&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;29,933&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: 20%; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 62%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Classes of similar products/services:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;(In thousands)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Net Sales:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Green Giant *&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;122,764&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;71,161&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Canned vegetables&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;877,391&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;815,780&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Frozen&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;104,980&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;113,115&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Fruit&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;97,393&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;91,941&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Prepared foods&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;105,044&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;79,593&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Snack&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,475&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,684&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;16,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;18,307&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,335,769&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,199,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td colspan=3 style=width: 100%; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;* Green Giant includes canned and frozen vegetables exclusively for B&amp;amp;G Foods.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1.&lt;/div&gt; Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Nature of Operations &amp;#x2014; &lt;/div&gt;Seneca Foods Corporation (the &amp;#x201c;Parent Company&amp;#x201d;) and subsidiaries (the &amp;#x201c;Company&amp;#x201d;) conducts its business almost entirely in food packaging, operating &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;27&lt;/div&gt; plants and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; warehouses in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;nine&lt;/div&gt; states. The Company markets private label and branded packaged foods to retailers and institutional food distributors.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Principles of Consolidation &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions, profits, and balances.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Revenue Recognition &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;In general, control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms, as the customer can direct the use and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the asset at this point in time.&amp;nbsp;&amp;nbsp;See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4,&lt;/div&gt; Revenue Recognition, for further discussion of the policy.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&amp;#x2019;s branded products, and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs, which are recorded as a reduction of sales, include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space, to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result, the ultimate cost of a trade promotion program is dependent on the relative success of the events and the actions and level of deductions taken by retailers. Final determination of the permissible deductions &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;take extended periods of time.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Concentration of Credit Risk &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist of trade receivables and interest-bearing investments. Wholesale and retail food distributors comprise a significant portion of the trade receivables; collateral is generally &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; required. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company&amp;#x2019;s total sales. Green Giant sales to B &amp;amp; G Foods represented &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9%,&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales in each of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The top &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;ten&lt;/div&gt; customers, including B &amp;amp; G Foods, represented approximately &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;49%,&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;47%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The Company closely monitors the credit risk associated with its customers. The Company places substantially all of its interest-bearing investments with financial institutions and monitors credit exposure. Cash and short-term investments in certain accounts exceed the federal insured limit; however, the Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; experienced any losses in such accounts.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Cash Equivalents &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; months or less as cash equivalents.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;), accounts receivable, short-term debt (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;) and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial instruments. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; Fair Value of Financial Instruments, for a discussion of the fair value of long-term debt.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt;-tier value hierarchy is utilized to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;) and the lowest priority to unobserved inputs (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;). The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; levels are defined as follows:&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;- Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;- Quoted prices for similar instruments; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs or significant value-drivers are observable.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=width: 36pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 18pt; vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;#x25cf;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=vertical-align: top;&gt; &lt;div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-right: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;- Model-derived valuations in which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; or more inputs or value-drivers are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Deferred Financing Costs &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt, which is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; materially different than using the effective interest rate method. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31, 2020 &lt;/div&gt;there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.3&lt;/div&gt; million of unamortized financing cost included in other current assets and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million of unamortized financing costs included as a contra to long-term debt and current portion of long-term debt on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Inventories &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out (&amp;#x201c;LIFO&amp;#x201d;) method; or market.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Inc&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;ome Taxes &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; The provision for income taxes includes federal and state income taxes currently payable and those deferred because of temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and tax credit carryforwards. The Company uses the flow-through method to account for its investment tax credits.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company evaluates the likelihood of realization of its net deferred income tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and by adjusting the amount of such allowance, if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&amp;#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income, the projected reversal of temporary differences and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize the net deferred income tax assets.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Current rules on the accounting for uncertainty on income taxes prescribe a minimum recognition threshold for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that is required to be met before being recognized in the financial statements. Those rules also provide guidance on derecognition, measurement, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on unrecognized tax benefits as well as interest received from favorable settlements within income tax expense.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Assets Held for Sale&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#x2014;&lt;/div&gt;The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time, the properties, including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction, are presented separately on the consolidated balance sheet at the lower of carrying value or estimated fair value less costs to sell and depreciation is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings, land and equipment.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Discontinued Operations &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Discontinued operations comprise those activities that have been disposed of during the period or that have been classified as held for sale at the end of the period, and represent a separate major line of business or geographical area that can be clearly distinguished for operational and financial reporting purposes. In fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; the Company sold its Modesto fruit operations and began reporting the results of operations, cash flows and the balance sheet amounts pertaining to this as a component of discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Unless otherwise indicated, information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Advertising Costs &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising costs charged to continuing operations were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.2&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2.1&lt;/div&gt; million in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Accounts Receivable and Doubtful Accounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value, which is net of any off invoice promotions.&amp;nbsp; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio, experience of delinquencies (accounts over &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment), and current market conditions. Management believes these provisions are adequate based upon the relevant information presently available.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Earnings per Common Share &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; The Company has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; series of convertible preferred stock, which are deemed to be participating securities that are entitled to participate in any dividend on Class&amp;nbsp;A common stock as if the preferred stock had been converted into common stock immediately prior to the record date for such dividend. Basic earnings per share for common stock is calculated using the &amp;#x201c;two-class&amp;#x201d; method by dividing the earnings attributable to common stockholders by the weighted average of common shares outstanding during the period. Restricted stock is included in all earnings per share calculations.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing earnings attributable to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the &amp;#x201c;if-converted&amp;#x201d; method, which treats the contingently-issuable shares of convertible preferred stock as common stock.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: auto; margin-left: 0pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Years ended March 31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Continuing Operations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Continuing operations earnings (loss)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;51,188&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,483&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deduct preferred stock dividends&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Undistributed earnings (loss)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;51,165&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,506&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to participating preferred shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(143&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50,959&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Basic earnings (loss) from continuing operations per common share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(3.77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50,959&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Add dividends on convertible preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings (loss) attributable to common stock on a diluted basis&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;50,979&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(36,363&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;67&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total shares for diluted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,333&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) from continuing operations per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5.46&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;(3.77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-right: auto; margin-left: 0pt; min-width: 700px;&gt;  &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Years ended March 31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: thin; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom;&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Discontinued Operations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td colspan=6 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: center; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;(In thousands, except per share amounts)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: none;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Basic&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Discontinued operations earnings&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,147&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,230&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Deduct preferred stock dividends&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;23&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Undistributed earnings&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,124&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,207&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to participating preferred shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;166&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Basic earnings from discontinued operations per common share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.36&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; text-decoration: underline;&gt;Diluted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to common shareholders&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,119&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,041&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Add dividends on convertible preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Earnings attributable to common stock on a diluted basis&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1,139&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;42,061&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Weighted average common shares outstanding-basic&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,264&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued related to the equity compensation plan&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Additional shares to be issued under full conversion of preferred stock&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;67&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 1px; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;67&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Total shares for diluted&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,333&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;9,722&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 255);&gt; &lt;td style=width: 66%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;Diluted earnings from discontinued operations per share&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;0.12&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 1%; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 0); border-bottom-width: 3px; border-bottom-style: double;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;4.33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Note: For fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; addbacks for equity compensation and additional shares that were anti-dilutive were excluded from diluted earnings per share from continuing operations calculations.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Depreciation and Valuation &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting, the Company provides for depreciation on the straight-line method at rates based upon the estimated useful lives of the various assets. Depreciation was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$26.1&lt;/div&gt; million and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$29.5&lt;/div&gt; million, in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020,&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. The estimated useful lives are as follows: buildings and improvements &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; machinery and equipment &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; computer software &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; vehicles &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years; and land improvements &amp;#x2014; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;years.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company assesses its long-lived assets for impairment whenever there is an indicator of impairment. Impairment losses are evaluated if the estimated undiscounted cash flows from using the assets are less than carrying value. A loss is recognized when the carrying value of an asset exceeds its fair value. There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;no&lt;/div&gt; significant impairment losses in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020.&lt;/div&gt; There was a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$7.8&lt;/div&gt; million impairment loss recorded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt; related to a Northwest plant.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;   &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements &lt;/div&gt;&amp;#x2014; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the related revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual amounts could differ from those estimates.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;Recently Issued Accounting Standards&lt;/div&gt; In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; February 2016, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;02,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Leases.&amp;#x201d; ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; establishes a right-of-use (&amp;#x201c;ROU&amp;#x201d;) model that requires a lessee to record a ROU asset and a lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with terms longer than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; months. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; July 2018, &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; Targeted Improvements &amp;#x2013; Leases (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;842&lt;/div&gt;). This update provides an optional transition method that allows entities to elect to apply the standard retrospectively at the beginning of the period of adoption
 versus recasting the prior periods presented. If elected
 an entity would recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating
 with classification affecting the pattern of expense recognition in the income statement. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2018. &lt;/div&gt;We adopted ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;02&lt;/div&gt; as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;using the optional transition method provided by ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;11.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp; The standard resulted in the initial recognition of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$88
333
000&lt;/div&gt; of total operating lease assets and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$91
025
000&lt;/div&gt; of net operating lease liabilities and a net adjustment to retained earnings totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
019
000&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
692
000&lt;/div&gt; less tax effect of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$673
000&lt;/div&gt;) on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2019. &lt;/div&gt;The standard did &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; materially impact the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income or Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. At adoption
 the Company recorded an adjustment to retained earnings of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$2
019
000

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits&amp;#x2014;Defined Benefit Plans&amp;#x2014;General (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;715&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt;): Disclosure Framework&amp;#x2014;Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Defined Benefit Plans&lt;/div&gt;
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement plans. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;14&lt;/div&gt; is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2020

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;12&lt;/div&gt; to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 separate entity financial statements and interim recognition of enacted tax laws or rate changes. The new standard will be effective for the Company in the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; quarter fiscal year &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2022.&lt;/div&gt; We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial position

 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13
&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;326&lt;/div&gt;): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which was subsequently amended in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; November 2018 &lt;/div&gt;through ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19
&lt;/div&gt; Codification Improvements to Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;326,&lt;/div&gt; Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;13&lt;/div&gt; will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further
 the new credit loss model will affect how entities in all industries estimate their allowance for losses for receivables that are current with respect to their payment terms. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; November 2019
 &lt;/div&gt;the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10
&lt;/div&gt; which
 among other things
 deferred the application of the new guidance on credit losses for smaller reporting companies to fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; December 15
 2022
 &lt;/div&gt;including interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
 the Company expects to adopt ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;03
&lt;/div&gt; and the related ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;19&lt;/div&gt; amendments
 beginning as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; April 1
 2023 &lt;/div&gt;and is in the process of assessing the impact
 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&amp;#x2019;s results of operations

  

  
  



  
  
  






  





  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Six Percent (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt;) Voting Cumulative Preferred Stock
 par value &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.25&lt;/div&gt; (&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&amp;#x201c;6%&lt;/div&gt; Preferred&amp;#x201d;); &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Preferred Stock Without Par Value to be issued in series by the Board of Directors
 &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;none&lt;/div&gt; of which are currently designated or outstanding; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8
200
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Preferred Stock with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$.025&lt;/div&gt; par value
 Class&amp;nbsp;A
 to be issued in series by the Board of Directors (&amp;#x201c;Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred&amp;#x201d;). The Board of Directors has designated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;four&lt;/div&gt; series of Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred including &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&amp;#x2014;Series&amp;nbsp;A (&amp;#x201c;Series&amp;nbsp;A Preferred&amp;#x201d;); &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Stock&amp;#x2014;Series&amp;nbsp;B (&amp;#x201c;Series&amp;nbsp;B Preferred&amp;#x201d;); Convertible Participating Preferred Stock; and Convertible Participating Preferred Stock

 Series&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2003&lt;/div&gt; are convertible at the holders&amp;#x2019; option on a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-for-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; basis into shares of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock
 subject to antidilution adjustments. These series of preferred stock have the right to receive dividends and distributions at a rate equal to the amount of any dividends and distributions declared or made on the Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;No&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; dividends were declared or paid on this preferred stock in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; In addition
 these series of preferred stock have certain distribution rights upon liquidation. Upon conversion
 shares of these series of preferred stock become authorized but unissued shares of Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; may &lt;/div&gt;be reissued as part of another series of Class&amp;nbsp;A Preferred. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020
&lt;/div&gt; the Company has an aggregate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6
764

355&lt;/div&gt; shares outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2
174&lt;/div&gt; conversions during the year. The Convertible Participating Preferred Stock
 Series&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2003&lt;/div&gt; was issued as partial consideration of the purchase price in the Chiquita Processed Foods acquisition. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;967
742&lt;/div&gt; shares issued in that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2003&lt;/div&gt; acquisition were valued at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$16.60&lt;/div&gt; per share which represented the then market value of the Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock into which the preferred shares were immediately convertible. This series has a liquidation preference of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$15.50&lt;/div&gt; per share and has &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;500&lt;/div&gt; shares outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31

240&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;A Preferred outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; which are convertible into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;B Common stock for every &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;20&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;A Preferred. There are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;400
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;B Preferred outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; which are convertible into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of Class&amp;nbsp;B Common Stock for every &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; shares of Series&amp;nbsp;B preferred. There are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;200
000&lt;/div&gt; shares of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt; Preferred outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; which are callable at their par value at any time at the option of the Company. The Company paid dividends of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$20
000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; on the Series&amp;nbsp;A and Series&amp;nbsp;B Preferred and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3

 and rank equally as to the right to receive proceeds on liquidation or dissolution of the Company after payment of the Company&amp;#x2019;s indebtedness and liquidation right to the holders of preferred shares. However
 holders of Class&amp;nbsp;B Common Stock retain a full vote per share
 whereas the holders of Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock have voting rights of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;1/20th&lt;/div&gt; of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; vote per share on all matters as to which shareholders of the Company are entitled to vote. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020

695&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; of both Class&amp;nbsp;A and Class&amp;nbsp;B as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019.&lt;/div&gt; Additionally
 there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;35
855&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;38
029&lt;/div&gt; shares of Class&amp;nbsp;A reserved for conversion of the Participating Preferred Stock as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;31
&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2019

&lt;/div&gt; the Company repurchased &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$8.8&lt;/div&gt; million
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;298
812&lt;/div&gt; shares of its Class&amp;nbsp;A Common Stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$3.9&lt;/div&gt; million or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;132
305&lt;/div&gt; shares of its Class B Common Stock. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; March 31
 2020
 &lt;/div&gt;there is a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$88.4&lt;/div&gt; million
 or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3
042
092&lt;/div&gt; shares
 of repurchased stock. These shares are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;not&lt;/div&gt; considered outstanding. The Company contributed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$0.1&lt;/div&gt; million or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2
946&lt;/div&gt; treasury shares for the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;401&lt;/div&gt;(k) match in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;2020&lt;/div&gt; as described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;8


 the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Guaranty Agreement with Farm Credit East. This agreement continues the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;$100.0&lt;/div&gt; million unsecured term loan and extends the maturity date to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt; June 2025. &lt;/div&gt;The loan will bear a fixed interest rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font: inherit;&gt;3.3012%.&lt;/div&gt; This agreement also contains certain covenants





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  





  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  



  
  
  
  


















000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.   Includes $3
746

    

211


446


975





    










    








    


    


    




        


        





      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      





































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    

 plant







    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    




    


    

 Not Separately Reported



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Net



    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    

 expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle



    
    

 expected to be sold after one year or the normal operating cycle



    
    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 including
 but not limited to



    
    

 including interest expense
 attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to



    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    

 plant



    
    


    






    


    






    


    
    
    


    
    



 plant



    




    




    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    


    

 Tax Effect of Discontinued Operation



    




    




    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    



 accrued expenses



    




    


    




    


    




    




    




    

 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    
    
    


    






    
    

 Plan Assets
 Amount

    
    


    
    
    



 12-09
 Allowance



    



 Lease Liability

    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    

 Plan Assets



    


    


    


    





 but is not limited to



    


    


    


    
    


    










    
    


    
    






    
    


    

 Shares



    




    


    
    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost







    
    






    







 Shares Outstanding



    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Interest Rate



    
    


    
    

 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation



    








    


    


    


    










    
    


    


    


    


    
    






    
    


    


    


    




    


    
    


    


    

 Plan Assets



    


    

 Preferred Stock

    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    






    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Value
 Acquired

    


    


    


    


    

 Value









    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    

 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Benefit Obligation



    
    


    


    


    


    



 general



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue


 including
 but not limited to



    
    






    
    


    


    


    


    
    






    


    






    


    


    
    


    



 net of interest income of $25 and $28



    


    






    
    


    


    









 Plan Assets








 Plan Assets











    

 Liability



    


    


    




    


    




    








    








    








    




    
    


    











 Depletion















    














    





 12-09




 12-09
 Valuation Allowance



    



 12-09



    














    
    


    

 LIFO Reserve
 Effect on Income
 Net



    




    




    
    


    


    
    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Shares



    
    
    


    


    


    


    








    
    










    
    

 Tax Law Change


 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations



    


    

 Alternative Fuel Tax Credit

    


    




    


    


    


    


    


    

 CARES Act

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    








    
    




    




    

 Asset
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current



    
    


    


    
    


    

 Shares Issued



    
    






    






    


    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    




    
    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Financial Covenants

    


    










    

 Plant and Equipment




 Period of Adoption






 Dividend Rate



    


    






    


    


    


    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
598 and $57



    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    






    
    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    




    










    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued



    


    

 Creation of Federal Tax Credits


 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations



    




    



 Credit Risk



    


    
    



 Held-for-sale



    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    




    


    
    






    




    










    


    

 Gross



    
    


    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    


    

 Unamortized Discount



    
    


    
    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Lapses of Applicable Statute of Limitations

    


    


    

 Period Increase (Decrease)



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    










    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    

 General Mills Operations



    


    
    


    



 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of fixed assets owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement



    




    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    



 12-09



    
    


    


    
    


    

 before allocation of a valuation allowances



    


    
    


    


    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    

 Percent

    


    


    






    
    
    


    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    


    


    
    


    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    






    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    

 Dividends Per Share



    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    
    






    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods



    
    


    
    
    



 Including Discontinued Operations



    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    






    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    






    
    

 including
 but not limited to















    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    


    


    


    


    


    
    


    


    


    


    
    


    




    


    
    


    


    
    


    


    


    

312 and $2
249



    
    


    


    


    


    
    
    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

 Net of Cash Divested



    


    


    
    
    


    




    


    


    


    




    






    























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2020
May 26
 2020
Sep. 27
 2019




















































































































326























  2020




































 $.25 Par Common Stock Class B
 $.25 Par

























Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



383
993























Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding (in shares)



733
902



































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




335
769


199
581












193
881


160
085



Selling
 general
 and administrative expense

971


549



Other operating income
 net

653)


631)





046


657





265
245


237
660





524


079)












018)


257)



Interest expense
 net of interest income of $25 and $28
 respectively

834


437





615


259)





427


776)





188


483)





147


230





335


747





























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))



































































































































































































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.



















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The net amount of other operating income and expenses
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019





















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











335


747



Change in pension and postretirement benefits (net of income tax of $20
312 and $2
249
 respectively)

935)


782





600)


529







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 before tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax

312


249






Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











702


480



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
598 and $57
 respectively

802


122





610







631


684





350


221





323


075





600


248



Deferred income tax asset
 net

872


417





026


143





042


801



Right-of-use assets operating
 net

663





Right-of-use assets financing
 net

617





Property
 plant
 and equipment:








955


832





945


102





385


639





285


573





796


300



Net property
 plant
 and equipment

489


273





309


882












194


024





758


098





876


678





864


105





808


363





274


763





654


377



Long-term debt
 less current portion

081


900



Operating lease obligations
 less current portion

760





Finance lease obligations
 less current portion

366







742


349





342


180










Capital lease obligations
 less current portion



286





945


397


























041


039





384


260



Treasury stock
 at cost

319)


740)





220)


285)





797


504





364


485





309


882



Discontinued Operations
 Held-for-sale [Member]































285



Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]

















568

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.






















































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time
 classified as current.




























Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable
 classified as current.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount of liability
 recognized in statement of financial position
 for defined benefit pension plan
 classified as noncurrent. Excludes other postretirement benefit plan.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of right-of-use asset from finance lease.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and lease obligation
 classified as current.




























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




598








Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











335


747












933


235





529







086)


394)





626


080














773












290)


326)





053


271





332)


029)



Accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and other liabilities

509)


071)





129)







317


116










Additions to property
 plant
 and equipment

686)


728)












529


387





157)


002












098


381





778)


108)





437)







125)







673)


957)












938)


740)







622)



Cash and cash equivalents
 beginning of year

480


102



Cash and cash equivalents
 end of year

702


480












836


424



















975





Property
 plant and equipment issued under finance and operating leases

843


199
































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.






















































































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets
 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings
 net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes
 and in deferred and other tax liabilities and assets.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.


















































































































Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policy
 classified as investing activities. Includes
 but is not limited to
 bank-owned life insurance policy.

























































Aggregate cash proceeds received from a combination of transactions that are classified as investing activities in which assets
 which may include one or more investments
 are sold to third-party buyers. This element can be used by entities to aggregate proceeds from all asset sales that are classified as investing activities.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan and expenses resulting from the write-down of assets. Excludes expenses related to a business combination
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














 Period of Adoption





 Period of Adoption





 Period of Adoption





 Period of Adoption





 Period of Adoption





 Period of Adoption












Balance at Mar. 31
 2018

























000


038
000


161
000


556
000)


067
000)


780
000









































747
000


747
000







































000)



































000











































773
000









































957
000)





































000


000)













































782
000







Balance (Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]) at Mar. 31
 2019























019
000)

















Balance at Mar. 31
 2019

























000


039
000


260
000


740
000)


285
000)


504
000


485
000



Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

000


240


529



































Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)









667
913


874
861

































































335
000


335
000





000)


































000)


000)

































000











































000



















800
000)


900
000)




















673
000)



































000)


000


000













































935
000)







Balance at Mar. 31
 2020

























000


041
000


384
000


319
000)


220
000)


797
000


364
000



Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000


400
000


355



































Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)









000
000


000
000





























Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)

000


240


355



































Common stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)









383
993


733
902





























Preferred stock
 stock amount

000


000


000


000

































Common stock
 stock amount









539
000


000

































Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement
 classified as other.
















































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan
 attributable to parent.






















































































Value of all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by shareholders
 which is net of related treasury stock. May be all or a portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. These shares represent the ownership interest of the preferred shareholders.

























































Value of shares issued during the period to an employee benefit plan
 such as a defined contribution or defined benefit plan.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019









Preferred stock
 dividend rate






Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Preferred stock
 dividend rate






Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Preferred stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)













Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases
 tax













Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax

312


249



Change in pension and postretirement benefits
 tax

312


249



Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases
 tax

427


776)

































































Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.



























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







Seneca Foods Corporation (the &#x201c;Parent Company&#x201d;) and subsidiaries (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;) conducts its business almost entirely in food packaging
&#x2014; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts for the Parent Company and all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries after elimination of intercompany transactions
 profits
&#x2014; Revenue recognition is completed primarily at a point in time basis when product control is transferred to the customer.&nbsp;&nbsp;In general
 control transfers to the customer when the product is shipped or delivered to the customer based upon applicable shipping terms


Trade promotions are an important component of the sales and marketing of the Company&#x2019;s branded products
 and are critical to the support of the business. Trade promotion costs
 which are recorded as a reduction of sales
 include amounts paid to retailers for shelf space
 to obtain favorable display positions and to offer temporary price reductions for the sale of our products to consumers. Accruals for trade promotions are recorded primarily at the time of sale to the retailer based on expected levels of performance. Settlement of these liabilities typically occurs in subsequent periods primarily through an authorized process for deductions taken by a retailer from amounts otherwise due to the Company. As a result
9%
2019
 customers
 including B &amp; G Foods

2019

)
 accounts receivable
11

&#x2014; Deferred financing costs incurred in obtaining debt are amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the debt
 March 31
&#x2014; Substantially all inventories are stated at the lower of cost; determined under the last-in
The Company evaluates the likelihood of realization of its net deferred income tax assets by assessing its valuation allowance and by adjusting the amount of such allowance
 if necessary. The factors used to assess the likelihood of realization are the Company&#x2019;s forecast of future taxable income
Current rules on the accounting for uncertainty on income taxes prescribe a minimum recognition threshold for a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that is required to be met before being recognized in the financial statements. Those rules also provide guidance on derecognition
 measurement
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
The Company classifies property and equipment as held for sale when certain criteria are met. At such time
 the properties
 including significant assets that are expected to be transferred as part of a sale transaction
 longer recognized. Assets classified as held for sale included buildings
&#x2014; Discontinued operations comprise those activities that have been disposed of during the period or that have been classified as held for sale at the end of the period


Unless otherwise indicated
2019
&#x2014; Accounts receivable is stated at invoice value
 which is net of any off invoice promotions.&nbsp; A provision for doubtful accounts is recorded based upon an assessment of credit risk within the accounts receivable portfolio
&nbsp;days past due) and charge-offs (accounts removed from accounts receivable for expectation of non-payment)
 series of convertible preferred stock
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing earnings attributable to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect of convertible preferred stock using the &#x201c;if-converted&#x201d; method
Years ended March 31
(In thousands
51
(36
51
(36
50
(36
9
9
50
(36
50
(36
9
9
9
9
Years ended March 31
(In thousands
1
42
1
42
1
42
9
9
1
42
1
42
9
9
9
9
&#x2014; Property
 plant
 and equipment are stated at cost. Interest incurred during the construction of major projects is capitalized. For financial reporting
 million

2019
&#x2014; The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 February 2016
02
 July 2018
11

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

326

 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 624px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 624px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 624px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 624px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 624px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 624px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 10px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1px; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 181.91px; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 14px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 35pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 44pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -9pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 35pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 35pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 81%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_LesseeOperatingAndFinanceLeasesTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 43.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -43.2pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 43.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -43.2pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 43.2pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -43.2pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 43.2pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -43.2pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt 7.2pt 0pt 43.2pt; text-align: left; text-indent: -43.2pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 65%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=1 style=width: 65%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 66%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 81%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=7 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 rowspan=1 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 55%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 12%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
   <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=14 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 15%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=18 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 9%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 62%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt 7.5pt 0pt 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: rgb(255
 255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; font-size: 10pt; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 10%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom: 3px double rgb(0
 0
 <td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family:'Times New Roman'
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_senea_AssetsHeldForSalePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <table style=; text-indent: 0px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=2 style=width: 1%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td colspan=6 style=width: 18%; text-align: center; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(255
 255

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <tr style=font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
 238

 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0

 Times
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 14%; text-align: right; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 serif; font-size: 10pt; margin-left: 0pt; border-bottom-color: rgb(0
 0
 <td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 3px; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
 <div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style= margin: 0pt; text-align: left; font-family: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;
 Times

 versus recasting the prior periods presented. If elected
 an entity would recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption. Leases will be classified as either finance or operating

 April 1
 2019
$88
333
$91
025
$2
019
$2
692
$673
 April 1
 materially impact the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income or Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. At adoption

019
000
 August 2018
14

 December 15
 2020
 December 2019
 to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to the general principles and simplify areas such as franchise taxes
 step-up in tax basis goodwill
 We are currently evaluating the effect that the new standard will have on the Company&#x2019;s financial position
 June 2016
13
19
 will require entities to estimate lifetime expected credit losses for trade and other receivables along with other financial instruments which will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. Further

10

 among other things

 2022
 reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e.
 a modified-retrospective approach). Under the above-mentioned deferral
03
 amendments


 if any
 that this new guidance is expected to have on the Company&#x2019;s results of operations
 financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures.



Reclassification
 Comparability Adjustment [Policy Text Block]






























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for depreciation
 depletion
 and amortization of property and equipment costs
 including methods used and estimated useful lives and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
Years ended March 31
(In thousands
51
(36
51
(36
50
(36
9
9
50
(36
50
(36
9
9
9
9
Years ended March 31
(In thousands
1
42
1
42
1
42
9
9
1
42
1
42
9
9
9
9
722







Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020

Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]









Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]
Property
1
1
568







Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020











Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]
March 31
March 31
1
1
1
1
4
4
March 31
March 31
111
129
Selling
1
(1
4
1
(1
136
1
(24
(80
13
Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
1
42
3
1
302







Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







March 31
March 31
1
1
199.6







Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







Revolving credit facility
 2.59% and 4.00%
106
155
Farm Credit term loan
 4.54% and 4.77%
99
99
Bluegrass tax exempt bonds
 3.01% and 3.19%
10
10
Secured promissory note
 6.35%
Economic development note
 2.00%
217
266
217
265
900




206
10
217
581







Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020






Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block]
March 31
4
1
5
30
35
1
29
6
37
4
6
419



Lessee
 Lease Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block]
23
7
18
7
13
7
6
5
3
2
4
3
69
34
5
3
64
30
21
6
42
24
366




28
7
24
7
17
7
12
7
5
6
6
5
96
42
4
37
6
31
286

































































Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







(1
1
14
1
1
15
14
804









5
5
1
2
2
26
6
2
5
38
21
12
13
1
4
7
1
26
15
4
3
7
2
417




1
Balance as of March 31
2
065







Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







250
236
9
8
9
9
(1
20
4
(9
(7
278
250
233
212
(46
26
26
2
(10
(8
202
233
(75
(17
349




(105
(24
(106
(24
892




adjustments
Balance at March 31
(18
(60
Balance at March 31
(79
220




9
9
9
9
(16
(15
1
2
5
3
5
389



Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions [Table Text Block]





Assets at March 31
7
1
7
1
8
5
15
16
25
24
42
43
28
38
22
34
4
20
28
32
36
195
231
202
233
112









10
10
11
12
13
75
047




































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year
 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.




























Tabular disclosure of the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) for the period for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) for the period
 as those amounts
 including amortization of the net transition asset or obligation
 are recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























Tabular disclosure of assumption used to determine benefit obligation and net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 discount rate
 rate of compensation increase
 expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and interest crediting rate.




























Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans from the beginning to the end of the period
 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.




























Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans
 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020






Fair Value
 by Balance Sheet Grouping [Table Text Block]
Long-term debt
217
217
266
266
140







Tabular disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments
 including financial assets and financial liabilities
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020






Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block]
351
454
31
42
173
166
555
663
144
161
411
501
684







Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020






Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
 by Segment [Table Text Block]
1
202
105
11
16
1
335
65
3
70
853
51
2
908
63
2
66
26
3
30
1
091
79
9
18
1
199
(34
(2
(1
(38
788
55
2
1
847
33
1
2
37
24
3
29
933




122
71
877
815
104
113
97
91
105
79
11
9
16
18
1
335
1
199
581




































Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







Balance March 31
1
10
11
(1
(10
(11
Balance March 31
1
5
7
(1
(5
(7
Balance March 31
 2020







Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Mar. 31
 2020







Year-ended March 31
1
1
3
4
Year-ended March 31
3
3
988













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












































Debt Issuance Cost
 Gross
 Noncurrent

000


000









200
000


100
000







Depreciation
 Total

100
000


500
000









800
000









Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset

663
000









Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total

309
000









Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

364
000


485
000


















Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

797
000


504
000




780
000














Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset





333
000





Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total





025
000





Stockholders' Equity
 Before Tax Effect





692
000)





Stockholders' Equity
 Tax Effect





000)
















Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance





019
000)





Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member] | Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment [Member] | Retained Earnings [Member]










Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance



019
000)


019
000)
















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life (Year)





















Concentration Risk
 Percentage





















Concentration Risk
 Percentage




















































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount
 before accumulated amortization
 of debt issuance costs classified as noncurrent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs.

























































Amount of gain (loss) from the difference between the sale price or salvage price and the book value of an asset that was sold or retired
 and gain (loss) from the write down of assets from their carrying value to fair value.
















































































































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











188


483)












165


506)












959


363)





264


652



















959


363)












979


363)





264


652



















333


652










Discounted Operations
 Basic








147


230












124


207












119


041





264


652










Discounted Operations
 Diluted








119


041












139


061





264


652



















333


722




























































































































































































Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.



































































































































































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.






















































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) from continuing operations available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) from discontinued operations available to common shareholders.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities
 and addition from assumption of issuance of common shares for dilutive potential common shares; of income (loss) from discontinued operations available to common shareholders.

























































Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from continuing operations
 allocated to common stock and participating securities
 as if earnings had been distributed. Excludes distributed earnings.

























































Amount of undistributed earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
 allocated to common stock and participating securities
 as if earnings had been distributed. Excludes distributed earnings.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019









Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations [Member]






Property
 Plant and Equipment (net)



568







568



































Amount of capital lease obligations attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be sold after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of capital lease obligations attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be sold within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 09
 2018
Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019







600
000


700
000













Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Restructuriing Charge




000)





Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member]









Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses
 Net of Cash Divested
 Total


326
000







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Revenue
 Percent









Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Restructuriing Charge




150
000)


515
000










211
000



Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Plant and Equipment [Member]









Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property






446
000



Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Bins [Member]









Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property






975
000



Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Employee Severance [Member]









Restructuring Costs
 Total






746
000






000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.   Includes $3
746







Amount of restructuring charge attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Percentage of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.

























































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 excluding oil and gas property and timber property.

























































Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019





026


143








500



Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax


147


230



Modesto Facility [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member]


























026


143






026


143








285








285








693








872



Selling
 General and Administrative




135






150)


515








077






093)


599






093


906)




[3]
[4]
[5]



632)








496



Net Earnings From Discontinued Operations
 Net of Tax


147


230








937








302







000 credit for pension termination in fiscal 2020.   Includes $3
746









446





211





975








Amount of costs of sales and operating expenses
 including interest expense
 attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of interest income(expense) attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of restructuring charge attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of deprecation and amortization expense attributable to property
 plant and equipment and intangible assets of discontinued operations.

























































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Contract with Customer
 Asset
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current
 Total

610








Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time
 classified as current.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019





335
769


199
581














391


780



B&amp;G Foods
 Inc [Member]










800


200














980


115














393


941














500


700














044


593



Manufactured Product
 Other [Member]










700


300












Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jul. 05
 2016
Mar. 31
 2020


Debt Instrument
 Term (Year)






Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Nonproduction Period






Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity During Production Period






Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
 Increase (Decrease)






Long-term Line of Credit
 Total






Debt
 Weighted Average Interest Rate






Pledged Assets
 Not Separately Reported
 Other

































































































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The carrying amount
 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of other assets which are owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement
 and for which the transferee is not permitted to sell or re-pledge them to an unrelated party.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 09
 2016


Statutory Accounting Practices
 Statutory Amount Available for Dividend Payments without Regulatory Approval

000







Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000







Long-term Debt
 Total

581
000


245
000





Pledged Assets Not Separately Reported
 Fixed Assets

300
000
















Debt Instrument
 Face Amount





000
000



Debt Instrument
 Unamortized Discount
 Total





000












Long-term Debt
 Total

000
000
















Debt Agreements
 Financial Covenants
 Minimum EBITDA

000
000







Long-term Debt
 Total

941
000


906
000






































The carrying amount
 as of the date of the latest financial statement presented
 of fixed assets owned but transferred to serve as collateral for the payment of the related debt obligation
 primarily a secured borrowing or repurchase agreement
 and for which the transferee is not permitted to sell or re-pledge them to an unrelated party.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




581


245












081


900












924


278












941


906












000


000

















































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019









Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate






Long-term debt
 maturity date

  2022


  2022










Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate






Long-term debt
 maturity date

  2022


  2022










Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate






Long-term debt
 maturity date

  2033


  2033










Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate






Long-term debt
 maturity date

  2020


  2020










Long-term debt
 weighted average interest rate






Long-term debt
 maturity date

  2021


  2021







Maturity date of long-term debt
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











865




























216







581


245







Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Apr. 01
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018


Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

364
000




485
000
















Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance

797
000




504
000


780
000



Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member] | Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment [Member] | Retained Earnings [Member]










Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
 Ending Balance



019
000











Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











335







353







688







190







878







353







845







437







635







424







419












Operating leases
 lease term (Year)













Operating leases
 discount rate





















































































































































































































Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





















































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


2021
 operating

896





2021
 financing

313





2022
 operating

820





2022
 financing

313





2023
 operating

022





2023
 financing

313





2024
 operating

510





2024
 financing

786





2025
 operating

023





2025
 financing

395





2026-2031
 operating

597





2026-2031
 financing

995





Total minimum payment required
 operating

868





Total minimum payment required
 financing

115





Less interest
 operating

559





Less interest
 financing

524





Operating Lease
 Liability
 Total

309





Present value of minimum lease payments
 financing

591





Amount due within one year
 financing

225





Long-term lease obligation
 operating

760





Long-term lease obligation
 financing

366












Amount due within one year
 operating

549






































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


2020
 Operating



689



2020
 Capital



827



2021
 Operating



938



2021
 Capital



827



2022
 Operating



526



2022
 Capital



827



2023
 Operating



062



2023
 Capital



827



2024
 Operating



950



2024
 Capital



102



2025-2031
 Operating



927



2025-2031
 Capital



267



Total minimum payment required
 Operating



092



Total minimum payment required
 Capital



677



Less interest
 Capital



973



Present value of minimum lease payments
 Capital



704



Amount due within one year
 Capital



418







286







Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.






















































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Operating lease impairment adjustment upon the adoption of ASU 2016-02 Leases
 tax

427


776)



Discontinued Operation
 Tax Effect of Discontinued Operation
 Total



500



Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent
 Total













Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Law Change
 Percent






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Creation of Federal Tax Credits
 Percentage






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Alternative Fuel Tax Credit
 Amount






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Amount

700





Deferred Income Tax Assets
 Net
 Total

872


417



Tax Credit Carryforward
 Valuation Allowance

500





Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Uncertainty on Timing

600





Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Total






Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued
 Total






Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Lapses of Applicable Statute of Limitations
 Amount













Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

500












Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

900












Tax Credit Carryforward
 Amount

200
































































































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to creation of federal tax credit.

























































Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax law change.

























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.






















































































The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019





912)








187
















251


220






278








529








804












































Amount of current state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.



















































































































Amount of deferred state
 local
 and federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019












































































The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by federal tax credits
 generated or utilized under enacted tax laws during the period.




























The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by state tax credits
 generated or utilized under enacted tax laws during the period.




























Percentage of the difference
 between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 that is attributable to tax law change.













































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




581


124














071





219


030












562


250

































233


628





369


907





664


049



















239







373







540


633





024


502





473


988





872


417







Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible federal tax credit carryforwards.










































































































































































































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.

























































Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from employee benefits
 classified as other.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from compensation and benefits
 classified as other.










































































































































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











123


























Balance as of March 31


065







































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2003


Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000







Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)

695


695





Treasury Stock
 Value
 Ending Balance

319
000


740
000





Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Ending Balance (in shares)

042
092
















Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash








Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method

673
000


957
000





Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Value of Shares

000







Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Share Amount (in shares)

946
















Conversion of Stock
 Shares Converted (in shares)

174




















































Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)

000







Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage








Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

000


000





Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000
















Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)

000
















Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)

200
000







Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Non-designated (in shares)

764
145
















Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

240







Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash

000
















Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

000







Dividends
 Preferred Stock
 Cash



000














Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion (in shares)








Preferred Stock
 Dividends Per Share
 Declared (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)

355
















Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized (in shares)








Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share (in dollars per share)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding
 Ending Balance (in shares)








Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued
 Total (in shares)





742



Sale of Stock
 Price Per Share (in dollars per share)

















Voting Rights
 Percentage of Vote Per Share








Common Stock
 Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance (in shares)

855


029





Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method

800
000







Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired (in shares)

812
















Stock Issued During Period
 Profit Sharing Bonus Plan (in shares)








Treasury Stock
 Value
 Acquired
 Cost Method

900
000







Treasury Stock
 Shares
 Acquired (in shares)

305






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)




































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018




400







Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 after Tax

900)







Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss) Arising During Period
 Tax

300)







Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation
 Discount Rate








Defined Benefit Plan
 Benefit Obligation
 (Increase) Decrease for Curtailment








Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Amount
 Ending Balance

485


112


844



Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Increase (Decrease) for Actual Return (Loss)

325)


731





Defined Benefit Plan
 Plan Assets
 Contributions by Employer

000


100





Defined Benefit Plan
 Accumulated Benefit Obligation

400


200





Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost
 Expected Long-term Rate of Return on Plan Assets

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Assumed Gain on Plan Assets










600


800





Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount



400





























































































































Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.

























































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.






















































































Amount
 after tax
 of gain (loss) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) for (increase) decrease in value of benefit obligation for change in actuarial assumptions and increase (decrease) in value of plan assets from experience different from that assumed of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




461


134





244


954





064


131





114)







146


113





574)


871)





227


461





112


844





325)


731





000


100





302)


563)





485


112





742)


349)







Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.

























































Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.






















































































Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.




























Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.

























































Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











866)


305)





215)


892)







Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount
 before tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for transition asset (obligation) of defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















485





364










285)





935)





220)







Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to parent.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




935


646





064


131





746)


104)







597












952


389












070


389







Amount of cost for actuarial present value of benefits attributed to service rendered by employee for defined benefit plan
 including administration.




























Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for net periodic benefit cost components
 excluding settlement or curtailment expense.






















































































Amount of expected return (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit
 calculated based on expected long-term rate of return and market-related value of plan assets of defined benefit plan.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019






























































Weighted average rate of interest on service cost for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.






















































































Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of compensation increase used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2018






















485


112


844



Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member]




























427


725





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Materials [Member]










772


331





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Industrials [Member]










440


080





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Telecommunication Services [Member]










093


370





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Consumer Staples [Member]










522


486





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Energy [Member]










538


230





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Financial Services Sector [Member]










275


521





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Healthcare Sector [Member]












247





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Information Technology [Member]










657


750





Defined Benefit Plan
 Equity Securities [Member] | Utilities [Member]










130


710





Defined Benefit Plan
 Debt Security [Member]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member]










058


387





Defined Benefit Plan
 Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member] | Money Market Funds [Member]










058


387





Defined Benefit Plan
 Real Estate [Member]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Cash [Member]






























Amount of asset segregated and restricted to provide benefit under defined benefit plan. Asset includes
 but is not limited to
 stock
 bond
 other investment
 earning from investment
 and contribution by employer and employee.




























Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.




























Percentage of actual investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















102





785





490





259





022





047


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019









Long-term debt
 including current portion

581


245










Long-term debt
 including current portion

559


140







The fair value amount of long-term debt whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Inventory
 LIFO Reserve
 Effect on Income
 Net
 Total






















































































































The difference between the change in the inventory reserve representing the cumulative difference in cost between the first in
 first out and the last in
 first out inventory valuation methods and any LIFO decrement which have been reflected in the statement of income during the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




251


920





173


045





474


060





898


025





267


341





631


684

































































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods which are partially completed
 are generally comprised of raw materials
 labor and factory overhead costs
 and which require further materials
 labor and overhead to be converted into finished goods
 and which generally require the use of estimates to determine percentage complete and pricing on a FIFO basis






















































































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
 Total

















































































































































The difference between the book value and the sale price of options
 swaps
 futures
 forward contracts
 and other derivative instruments. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019
















Concentration Risk
 Percentage













Concentration Risk
 Percentage










For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019




335
769


199
581





524


079)





309


882





686


728





933


235












335
769


199
581





524


079)





068


641





440


629





933


933












202
528


091
997





921


145)





438


860





543


794





486


785












044


593





774


736)





803


378





122


427





564


980












475


684












054


056


























722


307







190)














354





















347




































The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019





335
769


199
581














764


161














391


780














980


115














393


941














044


593














475


684














722


307












Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


Restructuring Charges
 Total

046


657







800










Restructuring Charges
 Total

229


508










Restructuring Charges
 Total

000







900












Restructuring Charges
 Total

300












Restructuring Charges
 Total

400












Restructuring Charges
 Total

200












Restructuring Charges
 Total



300










Restructuring Charges
 Total



800










Restructuring Charges
 Total













Restructuring Charges
 Total



300










Restructuring Charges
 Total













Restructuring Charges
 Total













Restructuring Charges
 Total













Restructuring Charges
 Total













Restructuring Charges
 Total











































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019











046


657





070)


431)


























229


508





252)


283)


























817


149





818)


148)








































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019









Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction













Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction
































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 25
 2020
Dec. 09
 2016


Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



000
000










Debt Instrument
 Face Amount

000
000





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage







































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Mar. 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2019


SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Allowance
 Credit Loss [Member]


















627
























598





SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset [Member]










988


865






























473


988































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



STA)8*O4'J@)I9GF





M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
DXOCO
M=RC)DI/*M(!%\Q!+).?,X<SPD.)@)^2SVEJT6O

MV%(./2LA8Z+A5:X=M964A*E1S!SLNATG)A%O# =IVUP.!R+1+.)T+I%*XIC(




;8BWA-Y@WSO&F$7NQ6$)N?
]PAW3EI/[=8+
MNKU!N&O
O;YE

Q:
MR

$EY9:&< 5X0I:J-6ZK;GUZ&V

*MM6.'

J(Q%:]Y0S4(=3V1\?

M*H[MBCL2F%&BY%U)0\[P+GRQJ5J8[O(/D::4216R,.7RRO838)$P@*LY&1'
M@L4:PWEXH47PC:





M
BYX;6RM6-MNVS@0_17R$,Q+9(71W$!FJGQ19H=H




K


M=4M[WH@]'3=)
V:
3:7JEZJZQ5Y6V'7]


M&
Q(5]\ 8IXGL+
_2P@1Y:H?^C]DP@F-X:9;&#'HQYSJY1P90):3C 

4D



.D=89\H.^JF!O1DV$4



6;\1,\0B,'^V!EJ\F6M(B=M/Y 3?H?JLFA%-3DR
 G+5T1.UWI

C#-ASY_&:0
53GOG-GD##Z.]%&6A
EU+%1U]-$\;8[+/I6'1+WG
M:WRSJ0Z]6C/5&=P]?'.ED*V






ML
R+VOR VD_B^.9*&/\DFSHVLA\9:PJ:C J*+BL1O91YV$'T$E/
M &@-H/N [@E 7 -B;[12YFW=
\M& ZTV1+MH9'



MONOINR?H?V*E ].2R^71[%?HQ*-=2:]'8WC9!N=U-R)*K7[35!7Y0EC;+D





)+KRKI F*6M6.,2[7.[T+P*!Y9-JB
) 4:


M&0Q;.N#Q_



E:SG=H? *Q082FMN0 K

D=?K#H^O3H%[[KC*0TT;9SN4A



M=6B)?KO]@/[QYI_H#2IJ]&4C^RZM\^Y\I?23A_:K;/^4][NG$
=3/J7M6T3Q


0XIGLFPS



QM




8=\#PD
M((U.MI4OM\&&5MB/JX^Z3W!P; (1EG ^'QS C
?407AL0(7]I'K?%V6N)Z\;









MC?7Q[JIB/J[%W7F4NSM[R7C_OT='=]V&)JSP%L@WJ9?=W(



0);Y(3O
N([

C\;K_*\&':\WCE-6N3+HD;9+E: 4FT
ZLH\GB=:




C\!








VJ*$1=H8M:'=3H6D$.=,<N&T-B#* &L73.+[A
MC9 ZRK-PMC5YAATIJ6%KF.V:1I@_:U#8KZ(D.AX\R4--_H#G62L.L -Z;K?&
M67QB*64#VDK4S$UBAZ2^TWJ_8/#3PF]/=DSKV2/^.*-;^4JBGUH* @SR#<
M\@H;4,H3N31^CYS1%-(#3_=']B]!N].R%Q8VJ'[)DNI5=!NQ$BK1*7K_BN



MVU/5*==C!7::WM4W$XH1^5USQ9W-UF_/54Q?].B^7D
F3*3][.SXV3=I#:
M

/X3\+U!+ P04


M


M/0&.O]M.%]V8IN'Y\TOOOUOGP9D-4WPMRK^*7.]O%JL%ROF6U:7^(9[^Q5N'
M(M-?)DIE_Z*GQC8)%RBKE1:'MC$@.!15\Y_]:@-QU@#'



-<=3A77IS_!'% $$Z]

M5UK6F:ZE68\VZ]1
'J03/%%


E$;_@3RXL6)
M;4HG!;2]#%8-I20-QL%RV$7T+)V'

M&0X)2? 


*C0G\JE&89)0G(RA3^W2

I8^O15)5H.-*I!<E0M[ASMO*KK;+<R2$3
M#AQD.0KJ:V0*07L&(7\&Z



I1O^IUE-LRKI.LG)BGJG6YE
Z7HXN




^E$/U4NC

HOPG

M*T'9BVI#+C4W'5#


M=SYFR&
MV5;?[3ZAKU_7Z%2PP7F320^[CW$&9RHC29J
A=$/YOTB'_9R%+XF

M;6RU6]MRV[86_16
IC/'F8DC KQG;

MD:  Y6JQP






M;/R\FS\BS#1
3\ %(L[WH 


MJZ.O+M)SG#T1MAV#9?V!#
YBL




5$=V#.$QAF!:FMDGT.F
M#A^PM^HBG013701A;J((BC:(#8R3;$@/!R;&=$XYE M6ERM%EV51.WJK]X

M\F6@Q%1V7Z&@QU$44:B-J*-]X

MY
B
75UM1AJ(VJG4N$10;1



NZ0:
BL)T
XP$B0L(MLCZ'Q;I#:
MN]%@QR'11Y+*N*D=IP$)]548E_TSD?C7* ]SL4K[3@DWH%=TS-]OVO'28#0
M-=FQ%/4,H;DM(_5M692T.@+A!?]41J@(]0



O


&;00Y8*/?82



M!#@^54Z].J8UW']_]/Z+(P]D5E2SN4S_XK%)QMZ5AV*VID5J;N7N5U81ZEM_



A3T'US2D@3E/R



M./=:Y)!*:)Y@3^:NC84^:[J\JS%YOUMK[5T@0Q\.)K.$T=]+9CCH'LEE(ZZX



S-T0M9(&1C+WFL#4S)0] -_7
M4IK'A0U0S^&3+U!+ P04     !-@N)0W87L1(+   -'0  &0   'AL+W=O





_RYR*?

9&M
MA!9[W9&NO)S




MLAQ1O?





M

P2?OMKHMAQ481

M:M
5*87=VD!/XB2C00GS4R7C?@NCT'ZITGU 8:1'G0=;1YN!*Q;@J&U+O(&%

HYK!@'3@:M5 MJ7

 -
EV;LADZ/<#*NR:8

E



V4KX3]L
+


MF%D-9[L$_9\F(AL.KV?Q]V% _G9(AHS'&??0\XPN4]GKP#K_R4F'P6CZ

@=&
M@EYP/A-O(6.%E9 :*UQ!

QO2






%V0@/8+Z



BYX;6R55=M.XS 0_951Q
.N%)HT

%51


MZ/6$IRB$ R(:CPUFT![I$C?7:_0+7SO5






)G!^6/%


M FA_H6B@&\
=T/Y4QG\ 4$L#!!0    ( $ZXE!.0!+/P4  $0
   9

1#U.':
MFK&=LQ/'GMAI'S)Y@
B5A08D& ,['^?75BJ392
IVQ)%S[[?$M%NO3M3:?






MR;+&'*XK-(*C9D^'CK3PV6&V0;QH$.
]B%$

MT_!2EJ+


R

Q_XW&B7P3I?9_\3?P3G/
ETS


M:X]@:72Q5S


MDI


(9'AML9 ?W'D


MU.

%^U<+OEXV
M35Z[VK;(YTUG^'2\Z:^I#MQ+RG.%2Q(-!Q-ZY$W3LS83IRO?)RZTHZ[3#U?4
MYJ/A [2_U-34;:LH/W'8?X-4$L#!!0    ( $ZXE#C^2CF
PD  *45   9

M]O@ROE39WLQD'W;'-9[

M/5O



MU[:X_\]+
7Y[A\-



M M1=*IW?S3ZH19#+6@&M:DW!&.00UG)4@FA@O^2B0&&JM45ZULYVK1=_A0N-

M$W']LVS:LX^_B'RQP.UQGBW$!V=_*/R^;ML+O+\(,OQJ--!W/89.45IWF&
,.K(-8$*IC8UWJBAP')Y557D7

M1)$;FW(&\_I=$W/YN+6



V#B+%
*DX&#T@IC42Y&\=^75Q%)9
]]9-0QMK1-,5QQ\2AC[2_81S
MF6GO-/! $Q4



 $7T T%MJ0QC0@#M2S+
M
I('5JST(X]J5T4N[+3&.8=U*2T\F,-3GUT.^SMQ8DZV3)V&IL!#P'$8S5


GF
M)GQ2CT]4PJVH& '!826YE[P:()?Q)P1B:N)%;88C0AJ/




?'P)^2-RZ

*/^2)]X+!_0[T/M7
M2
M.%P8]5
65$ZCZP@*7(E&T;/9?L&NGK''RXURX0O;-G8XCB!O')FJ2V8&E=3M


N_/D:*HKM.NPNX[+:32U ]Y;

M&9Z83O$'](_F[]02P,$%     @ 3H+B4)%[P=6Y!0  ?PP  !D   !X;]W


M@78MFFS#






MB2-T_@5O&Q/-0MXV2M4'7@#[Y466BI1P8T7'JG$O'L%?[+'GP3\R0OXQPK
MW[=X[^&J
O+NG^?D?!6
]^*I:X3$\P%M-H=VC8


HY






M4T@6H6=5 3QP/$(C*U#_ Y6J(D/)VJ!TM0(M;&X+Q::U\$P=
Y(+@)^DH)





+NSP<53;C
ML9_FT;_D
ON+DN\X^PRYB_RTFSG#


O

ML[:]6*U
L1




$8(C_VK






6$LQ7%:0X$7Q='4
M
ZO)!(N])




O6P=CR?3]TTDWCI*
MAY 19^HEH/;3O!
/_4
]6-S(^BC%4[&C$\#10#E\ 'H0*ZFU#M?_/^1Q3S\$


:(^NN

')I
[
NQ0^.5Q03*&7)CXQ
M!^PD83=F?A=QAQX=&1G6X<<_TC(+[XOT1UO)1'E)(69#.TR=P)E8=K+!M-Y


M\MSC#I_50M

M?!
3FV^EY6P$WV0-7:VVE3X='LIO9@

C]\GU_8SI/<$?2A[MX)[8


M^4&7_U*%V]^.5B
JY%8TI?NFCW^7K3USEI?KTOI_.@;:;#ZBO+%.5RTS-*A4

M*OYNU^UD[2B*_I2Y[J2]$,\2GLS=1#-!-.\%7,?Q*2OB$E2^D77;F_I4UW(
MXES %#KUBJ6=8O?IFQ)_$6961)1&J?Q&_*RWM#

-22T_19U:+.E2CI

+



MI;!P9LDXN0RR5O$

Z#U\!?_FJE3
M=3[@E-UH^H= 2*-W[DMW))/EX .P@$K]/OD^\ZQNGS1
9UAM)Z&FV6^DQ






9\WW&L6R+D;9*U]S@QT*3+J-4D\8K.

MQ9 +:/=)N$ 8






%Q*JO\M#J('T&Z5FT7H5 O%H%W&VBU3+%-8UF*'2F
M'DIZHWY@T
42 #
L?*3J18I6]0P




M51VH5
M;/L1!@!3J8!AYA

5YYD@+X

MA#Z&EOU_)$+$IJ5^
'I[&[-LR6FRV^.]NA8[KP2

/
B@

O





MU4AW
ZX7IY!W75MRT
M'#8,!Y7HF15R]X-W)NN?1X=PQ;7 ^CA/X.)QSQ?EBX^OI(SP\#\ 'HJJF4Y%
M/-P






MJV6G:8 D;7=[V&V#)-W%X7 ?9)FVV4JBEZ3BN+_^GB$E67;L]#X=@DB41 [G


\^V$/P1?Z=Z8

M9)K?RN)/

M@U'X*K#.7'V6AK/ 9V?LGANA./1MV%V15?KRW( ^S3K/&UHWCE9X@%80LM]E
M91::?:BF?+I-X!R




MKJH:9NB8!Y

K)5
0K


M ZNFF2P //3-9)


MW@MP_8E6 M^+_)#4
O*2883!JZ+L:





M*(OUD(


'?NP8!?P $;'W98\P3@U#
MWQM'-.4 (;(AX@!PB-&;?8FDS2/:)0WL(2L;K)*A$.&$W(J\BYG6-.@BMXD
M-'J89T#0B@Z]?^4![;@&O%7U#;Q95-*M=HHAXK'0&H2D.Y#P.UA+/\ 7
E)




M!20@_NG^* WF!%;:_G7#!QC\#GG^L-7?UL-N7G6\HE#[5$V1B%$ /:Z7W+W'
MSH;/J7&T+%!(YS2@=@J%)26VVKN^1I]F=V#D&J!E+/3T:X!X#4M.$W/T2C




MC5B$

:B@/T*\U&&(:P[0T
3QBEX=.=DQ(/A^:*2A22*
MOC=
7R4)8O!'^B3OT0=UZO
M NK1PDM94OY2LIXOV%10H4;N:ALII]ALB:(P=ZV_MW.V8


MD(U2YTJNR)
=:)(2+$62$46&]6C*OU;M!7]?=&B +:C,//@'FS%W+'SL+





T50'7CRV
M+76









S6JSQ!NE;?65Y%/<LN:Q0.VDT
M6SFT4ERO!S[]6'!=XD;MQ.#KV1ES*T?G.?S:.0%H<*


M\T$H-:!9G-1^4V[(\E?).%I\


M# =I:-G^ YZ PXW\$S!C@@LU/Q#0G/04_XA_W_./ /WZ?\?6C])ERKC&


MZJ15L%/N_S-OSC6K





&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(R+GAM;'V4
M7V_;. S OPIA]&$#?/XK.VZ7!&C6%5=@NQ7M[O9PN ?59F*AMN1)2M-]^Z-D
MU\N -B\R19$_D33%Y4'I1]

MO8O-H)$WWJGOXBQ)RKCG0@;KI=?=ZO52[6TG)-YJ
/N^Y_KG!CMU6 5I\**X


MW7?1V'855 $TN.7[SMZIPY\XY5


HB*L#JOHSS

D*^.QH^.RA:@O7-]=?

M_GK4.S]E#-VREW9\BK-V'F27X_O]93Y.06K[G9 &.MR2:Q(MB@#T.%G&C56#
M?\T/RM)L\&)+PQBU



MO:CV

M(=[T$.\B/:OXQ'0(67(!:9S&9_2R(?_
ZV5G\C= AZX9#+G3,*&*&M.S)G
M]



_4$L#!!0    (


V:-:$&*H
MT1J=TUU(RMQ;_*K1SI]]-EX!Y? ;S-42R?9PU0VI1LY.IAZ/(K3:@LW&^#2



1'H*PA(1M6B)
M'PMZP$I@ \:








..

O'3[30]&2ZOL
M
@Y0/
6L.S]
F?WN?D9_&$;3#_5AP.--OM2=@T8MT#29B&P$=AB:P\*;/@ZJ

M(1^2#U^T[LD_A :1X=$:%S99P]R^SO-0-FA5F%&+3FX.Y*UBV?HZ#ZU'524E
M:_)B/O\YMTJ[;+M.9W=^NZ:.C79XYR%TUBI_VJ&A?I

=GE$TJE+;J@R8''PR9[LWB]6T;Y)/GQCZ<K2%&LB=ZB)OWU2:;
M1X?08,D10<GGB+=H3 02-_X=,;/)9%0\7S^AOTNQ2RQ[%?6S%^ZXF:3W610
MX4%UAC]1_QN.\:PB7DDFI'_H!]G5
H.RTQV5!8/K';#5SV./)PIW,Q?4A&

L5O 3_(ZU
M
G#GJ42LM*L#*%?!']R@AUMR+$?H2HUAG;
8CNIY.1K9#4:*%XPLO@@$V

T+AK0ZEH=!YA+\_XR/#SE#Y
M\
_WB+YL9@$KF/W_3
)[!W(*Y$5

M:%M#)\1)F\ESXF.X%R;0B]/?FI&!!WVCRT:X@%)Y'PG33K(D!8)7H +T
DSB


\

M&WFG







9*)(78UYI\GNQB%(B))3(/2%P
M'-[$6BA%0$CCWPXSZEV2X;E\1/\:8L=87K@3:Z/^DH6O%M$L@D*4O%'^R1Q^




'-ABG
V#I@(UN@;'!9#R%

MV2V
!S



WXQ'EM[


M1]*U*Y( 2;-B.W0(FFX[##LH-A


M0D/Z+A23E_037&2#H5]&K[I+T 86C95ZRPX(SRBL _0-!6Y'7O;]Z
PO$H_!

_:-_YJWOX4''PKF9[#;LF@^NK&P[

MVS 

/KI.KQ
^E?
@

V#:0 E

;KT$-TB/4N\





$%     @

MM-3KT&PTLM0[%2*

ME/C&4YN/@V$ *6:L%/9&;;]@G4_?X25*&/^&;6W;#B IC55%[4P
85@&B-P)T(KA4
MTN8&SF2*Z9\ (;%M*$<[RM/H7<1+I@^AVVE!U([:[^!U&PFZ'J_[!MY631@

MY281RI0:X?LM/EN8I4\_OC7:;S+Q5WQ$[-A8X#NL
&]1
&$[B/+^[BV_G7
S-)=A<E888FGV8
D%*(3 +LYSI-:;A

M@NQ4J F_




M@N)024F4ICL




)^_.AB11*I0F2<2$E^7ZD05!5&



R4(A2TPDA
(5
:*)H
22#@2\


M5K*(:^YR3J
OV

)*K5D[]6=$:T-(F
M=QWI_
FCV45C-%V8=9?M#NTT<(%JUCQ?[)=I]F%%:;3F)TGBQ

;]S'[![MYXWV\WZ!I-NPGWCP]L]*7V*[E)13
CF_+RG[&'N]KT*/I$M9?JVMZ]MN20<C)P]0!8)0XEQ^WEO<!PF+2!DG[=E



M4P&]7ZFBH.^&#.8J@*\\(
 6B;L&HCH^/^FN\]EII5/#ONR5MMDK[4TRQR$'
M_*!BI)RAG.^=Q_9G(7@KIR]03/K4:(_JR;B_6
&7AEQ-?O@/7
RAL7=%_#HN
M$;]]+ M&T V UV5.

M2DM)VXE3G*S. (SV#^='

KA6&



68?ZV%GZW8
MJET[0P=&-51.POR WV@7


9EUXN.AQ'%?

T9FK+


6GM-
XB\&HICYAD:%LU1G.0/


ML*8TU/'ZJA9_/Z_[WAAG?!X1[T

M0#A_%@5_'@Q0-(9\HA?%BPFR&7@L5UAWR137K,8-BN/=U87(JFW;%R&T%HL
M*!D.1B- VV4R&*73,$9AP,0XGW3

\B

M M
9;EPV5!8=+9?\^
!M^314NO-GQ+YA6

D$^(0?.;MJ/_ 5!+ P04     !.@N)06G(:PS$$


2YX;6RU5VU/VT@0_BLC

]_768$ETWU98T5OEE*5S-M6OFZ
M5LAR9U0*/PJU\9K[SIV#V[5M.Q;(S@%5XKT$U9,O5CAD*N)U[H;1Y\X:O



]//


MWNH1.[SX&3TTM $^ Y=LX1('EQR FU

Z9Y
E/XYG2

Q6#6WVQPI




M/.1'DN[DQTN-XY+K#I
6O+UU/(+9USP^ !5W
J3?).I%
*#:P;F],;)V
MP^I&AI]W65!_S50V07T?BEI0.MNK(/MOY?IOU!+ P04     !.@N)0FL7%
M[)L   '!@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

BYX;6R55%%/VS 0

M??=]MN\F2Z6?38EHX:T2TDR#TMKZ- Q-5F+%S(&J4=+.0NF*63)U$9I:(\M]

B&B\=9M7=(GKZQ7Z%Z^=M*3,X+D2/WENRVEP$D.



^G!F#UL 5
MBAQ(+SPP@;#[R%*!9F\26JKE
L*LPYVUN/$&W&$





X!KF8DFY[+8+

YG#YTO:FMKKD2[!SLP'(R/3N\T=IY/WV&?1KN25Q



[TI2RQH)V55#DS-%7K





SD41J$





M$-UP0U\@J*P [:\D7;/[B370?--
?@%02P


P$/XKIP@A
M0.)DW9M1UMIW1CP,*BV,800#UYR3:PE=K==?#K.3M9UDE;7V+?^;[OOKOX

5
MO5#;S]C7,W9\F:J,_\*VBQV- \A:8U7=@TE!+62W\ON^#SN :?P(.D!B=?=

((WL
%WJ%LD=9



MG-H




M'TI@\3B
@;$T9.1JA86U5GF;60









_#G5XYC!_S2$:'+'NP_D6'[D
MAJ^72AY 66MLQ.7JO



M7$T@#GV(6
3.X


.51U=0H]JCMW9EH;]P 6^O


VK8&M)*X^Q!
6]ACQ)%R
&'%
-'S&V&FXQZPC M J



-.:&A(8'*C;R'=&U)_ZCXA=CS5^J
M5?L S:HM?GZ41D)TS?#
?=\2GYT'?0'^;].T2\BTIHJ'%'KFPRHTJHOK?W
MR-;UT^WTE!W=M.2GD-4UH^[R3):EC8 .

8SK#D<;Q^'F/?FFY(Y<5

M

9



MV/X)PMC-T@PNB*I@2U@).$6 -*+E6@'C1=T:7HR#KB@TZ-E*BAUO(W\=V^'P


W433*T=
M:1.QG@Q95R!6&D=CQY(^%A7A&VK3P'%B/0-]QM54*PJB_P[Y@MD+4 S;S^&;



M(XVK@/+2T-JW[ND1U4








MH




M]$)-/1%AF$X:6;6CLQ/_[DJ?G:C.UE7+5YI




MCT


M95MR^3/ !









\TB#-'^=4P
M@V5!
G4TI_'F8-CQQ_$5.G:02*&@;R\4]2':07M8]





X+GAM;+U8;4_C.!#^*U:U*X$4:.R\-0B0@&5U*^WM(F#O

MG8P6QBR/QN




;TFS:*<9<=L&METE+!




M]]D^@O
L

0629.$'H8#*KRS#JN</Q)T%/G1W%7$]39C9&F
MKCS%P5.Y!


]/6W[)!C\

MF;=]O9L3!^78XL2KMCDA9W)S.536WP

MSG?1SK[[A%14]
I@TV!\ M0@7 V+[NBE08[OA=I&S4J+)*MGE*OE#&U66IFR

47.V%[1+)%=;[!$&=?DRBW
D;]_BC =(T523$-.E2?]M.
%.








M\;:8A?$82N.T)A-$9#;+&\A_=IQ90MW'VZ.7%WQFN75BXV3F2[@768SQ:T
M=AR[P^ FZP^P_/
UZMF:@T%#]*Z0^/L-T=7Q]?ES1UL

M












0*I=MX6'SUABW





V70


M&CZ+$LO_ 0$E-V08OV8XCT\2[YBZ@3R(0[C\ 0O&2I.'\Y4;&&OL 3N'3
MI0Z7OH-[I#$I.XX@U\
5OOAPTRE%






0\BRS!]?CB'/$S^

[BU--P[*%W'8KGX!H74!N06%=P.:I2F?IR/B!/Y
M21K!DS2
0WW4@)1G%/EY8C/.0I+&*;SULX*CSF]0;=Q\:XK2=,/P; [/'7


M#HH-
#RLL[]02P
[
MR\3I]:'3!P5DFPD@*LEQ[GY]5P)3]R9Q^V*O8/?3[K?[22P.2C^9G9067MJF
M,\M@9VT_#T-3[F0KS*7J98=O-DJWPN)2;T/3:RDJ']0V81Q%6=B*N@M6__L



M?!;QD]7PB!.(JC






05&.$\@9QQF.5P CQ \@=L*R:DWM4]6&.M@3QE
M)&$YI)3D$8.81&DG#
HHIQ$60[7HJ]=$?(%3ZRJMGLD S)&TL1Y4\R+%L#3
M#+*
)$D$[R725=;#I#NB1.NZ]7UX$*-3GF%^:98@$1PRCJN(% S1(EK\R$M4


M1.0

T
M]&

-:OK
M4*_/1[WB\'-.6$$AIZ@J9/Q&J^^(0:/$-X!21BA-1]$7SA=U@0.)G9_DO_&B


M/9TN]W?#G?:/^_!E@?_MNX,-'*#H=$EQ_;IX;8=%E;U_H9[5!;GPYL[_$1
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0R+GAM;'U446_:,!#^*Z=H#ZV4-8DAD%:
M--BF[:$;:KOM8=J#20X2U;$SVQ3Z[W=V0D8EX'QG7/?]]TYOIOLE'XV):*%




E
M?_5ZA_5)62Y@SH4/H;/

-!0M9)^5M@

MZ$

MB##J=D=AP;@
8'2<5!8S8-YKWQ8N#LO<$3QXW9VX.+9*74LSLLTVG0


M)6UNX)-


MOV P@P4338(S,)USO0:TWW :O@AD3Z#C&MY0K77$HG[S31F'*+Z1DHFZ.&
M3*O(2&%07&5J+GR,%PFJB273P-_Y[13V3Z'%WM@2J7Y&WIQC 7-!P\-8T9

M3.L@'C8([AET!I?]0\IZ5Q]2-G(B6LQ:%



M#T8J-+'3%PN5H.VP(\%


M14NL.


M%^[I8BGUA=;@8H479$KDXVKU5DKSQ+0B,2LAAP
K]L7+GG8Z^K ](GOE*R

V\C9UX.[Q2_:/


MG5


M]@D8
B&;X(8S(9K@
XO]A'


M4.F I6+ZQ4YYR.D?Y-AUC!LY5CA3R?RG)0L#PL6O8/PMT8)T)26GLT3BF2H


4U6037!.UM'@ 3^#\7RN



'4&['5TG-$R!

MVCWB;8BRM^'6(

M2B52I/G)B*Q)R#+*]

#
MR&X#;\);11O5]8:
Q.[Q'\E2^J'Y-B0CO?JMY!VRO:J%%01MJ17=I+B7E%
MQ1@M1^^@Y15M=*N)


E5CW5C%IY=R(]@W9[0

M#R

M4CIG734(/-L&STXD6Z7[O#

%_4$L#
D9%&6*HW% $2B1J.SAD.YWB\R<N?L@MI0K\S+-7HRV2NW.)A.9



M KX&=VQ3L#5+2*' 99+P?:%8L0&W/&
)HU(;?R:BT$
2W%(![K9$4'!R0Q5A

M];.GPV4 #J[75M_N,??%9$L?B9UGZFUL^TQ\\U-XNY-^NI2X$@9B])0 _K

M**#KU)H*05.@MT7R Z3LD:6T)U]*CW$#


0S+GW3.Y(0B]&

CO




ZC

ZW&DN!B7LI=I5 1C0+H^5UJYVSDT:7[)R*C;V Y\$
M5I[*;S?U:/T1\=)^.FN-7\&SZ_)3H'-3?IG\0L2&::H976N7T7BNXR[*CWWE

MN3I30.




MVZ









$W$1-\:C;&VNQB.9FE#$

M\;-0VBAM6L'=YS?M5YGSY


/&?N9-/$E8ILHCT;15T%R9OQ%&H0V
MG

83 ZG'\



M$(]AL5=BZM4'24D?
=P4#(B8VM*(@AM/8FJ:;M6B/A^()9


J^]XOYC^]GZ5#ON'JY1M.RVK;[4?P?XL
M2D+YB@B/=#XK'OM'M36V[;6LOMGNG)SVX)3:Z,/M:E8HVST*V_VZS+7]]?W*
MMH.Q^G92?1A/_D4J[Q6HX1-=19H$#'R%@3! \QPDQ57+[%RU*!47%!OJ-O9




P
MH8J.K@1_14);PVCZ2Q[


4B
M]'G)!-7S(J'G1DK(/YI%Z%-


3] #O6DCT(8M8M#M #TA7S
F&^9A8
M1WR@X@*YN(N(0QP#H


ME(GOZ-]V


D;3ZZM+W
M4BYIR*X[4-M*)EY89X1
DET.M)LBN!^T)4DM;-BN;&





(&@?E2!XK?2$T@\2%%- W


M$JI@80*##9



MM[-H/GS($I\?$GY(;-S9'+R2C3$O/OA2S**!;P@5YN09! \'S% I3\1M_.HX







&_0F#;7MWVX#
/AS_QA!KM.2GSM:G\#[
M6\-7H O\C3K]0-(_4$L#!!0    ( $ZXE#!VANHZ0


MO3/)PR2NF4WV(94'&=I !22O).R9_?IM+L8W3%S.RI3W-.-VHUPXV0/U4
MH
E+EG(UZL5:K^X


2Q;J8

;#%8O@&?37U5SB





AVIH:.1?L#

M
M6-Y)%*AE#4SS*%BG9AZUS#.Q&C1J!IV4[J7X#_@E\?$;C_[UWX5_*M5T_
&Q
MU!8S:E/JMFNEYJYPFK]0FR?Z$K%TKQ;3Z^76V'TA/FX#^TANFQGUG3.[GUH[

'_NR0?=8N9[YSYHNBMZM+OJS26LF
2Z


^MYI\EO
!O;9[!?U['!F5X]H=T%JK[J3

MOG)L@R3!G&#7!8A]2!CV:BE;0'K;EAQCKT_
0$9EOZU(('*NJTZ@F6UZ^DG9



M86_:
!&_\HIZJ16 I(  58!4@NJUFET-95T[0/AAQ@U8DSVX'R[W=.THBV




!!&/\W_V
-PS=\,BD3%Q71
M4$;_G&T0/6+@N[G8S@_NX SX#%

MQA)Z2XLU3I6=W\DX43)
\Y


M2$



BYX;6RM5EN/XC84_BL6
6;K79
M<*;C@J:P OU6+4^.;65A.7 %1.<2-A

+#%C6].@@]:Z]_Q=Y*4[W30GZ0

IV0I34W$H+KD['UN7I/9'F-#UQD0K'P2L3U+@=D23^P)+7'-);


O7
&

H
D13_-E *


\UV7QFG.6[G#S

M]VH^Z8:7;)VSP2('F=H!31&;YN6


M#_!Z60YEY8

$%


MR7A*I)KRE2DR#B3

*V
M8P

M#%M1&R


MBD$:T^*?[


;U3]/H5

M*K-[H7WH0A;KF?WCX2WA#F./1BVQ]4] :=]%XTLT=&Z#F:AU72X86:APTQ


M(H!OP/!1ZU? ;G$$^T2=]FZ*N^WT4\HJE@/F\;U=ADJ;;5O%+GU&GOBOA2


M=/^I&H)53 5*8*E0UMU P7G1TA43R;*\*UHPJ7JL?!BI-ABX#E#[2Z;NOYSH

P


V#)2]V+U&4I!




F(5$+4#Q@V-%W%.Y)
SM!N?YUL;[W

=/=0)?Z[N3$S2&UZ3K(*:PG:E





M!B)!IP18:SUBE9UBS:P*Q^SCETTVH^9T]@9^

FM]+#D



7

MZ(=Z(7'F=E%R5D*EF*B(A


MABU@:!-ME-FTYE33-)'B0*3QQFC&L+6Q:



6:=(4)







FS+!A7\DU*!M-:K91N5_1

^+
W,CX825Y@DI_A.ECF9D7&!FCLD5IV((C& DSIE8

M%WF[QD[W10:=KG?0V*C)/3J:^RB.92F

MX2^




^





M0SD49%.I+WS[)[0.)08OXY6TOVC;O)NF'LHV4O&Z-=8*:LJ:*WEJ [%C@(\9
MA*U!N&\0'S&(6H/(.MHHLV[=$D46


MA-^C


)Y-A
MYK1C3IW



O?BU

M9!#3P\*K&)\J2RWYKNHX#N



MM;D1XU$RK

O

\L]

JWGH'4A%<]J8QU!QO+JE_ZJ$W%A@(,! U(;D&L-_-K +XE6D96T
M'JBB\ZG@)R3,:NW-#,K<E-::#<O--CXIH=\R;:?F'[D-$&WZ!%T

TW

M15DJWQC73P_H]:LWZ!5B.?JRYX74)G+J*DW$A..NZZ#?54&3@: _4'&'?'R#

%2PHEOB^6.J5;NYA _9#( W\H6'M6M

M?2M?V*Y?7[C2UY.^2UE69.A076JZ)/E9



U

M/ ?T#%2
!$2Z$AL1

%:O=84W().H




$%     @ 3H+B4


MSKD6A\O\).1O=0#0Y#%-




K-D3;J56
MY/4M:






M!]Z'M(U-.IZ;=R+;7^%&I613CUY5B\1#PO?
C
*M6
M/9TJ8%&FE

D3#V?02QWIU[@O3RX
Z&
=?9+=H6L[Y%PHXU
F5$D'1
M_[.GPA$UA6#4H4 +!?I68=AT\4^AG1'%E&ZYP9-ILJN2/*2J

M-ES8

MLO=EGWPA7)#[M=QH)B(][1E$86WUPF+%LWQ%VK%B0








M%P;N+M19*!R4)\V
[*X-51

M)9&VR:VN#WNJMMV[A]


M?6F^R



MBQX_



CH9
MQZ?JC.O&@=WTIQY![4WO9/;._H!-B=Z!ZRK*[^.A*]P_JIH5J*WK/FQ


KV_D






MI=%3PRW?E-8UQ


M63
#*R5^\=R6BV@6D1P*U@A[J[:?H0



B




M!0RAA;V3?T]_BQ:6C;SN* !WUL.=A6^YDLF-NQ?( Q--&RB8P
2 (=\03]AN





M:&5E='

RYX;6R=6&UOVS@


MAT(+61 %ZYGWB5[?
&85*HD? @[Z[)I85Y92_K0W=ZN9%UA$D$%JK F.7WNX
M@2RSEA#'KZ-1KSG3*IY?OUC_4CF/SBRYAAN9_2M69COSQAY9P9J7F;F7A[_@
MZ%!L[:4RT]4G.1QE X^DI38R/RHC@EP4]3=_.@;B3(%&/0KLJ


M[F. FBBQ)DJLLA?UV/M2FE(!
1B$%(


 +!^'=%7LHC%3/9

D;
$;/
CVE&N]XRG

MG0
3FK1 =65RMR81@VFT2F?\P6%

M5
+BGLB-&Y3CY$S@.EF7*C&7511U)7I]LDP;0YVM9@TK4#R[U'(&;;VI



)Q
MF+0;I4


MA25)NS&XQ


M=G)Y\-3?GZOHB=_H

%5BQF1:U)J&*K)+I-%X:C3



M?C#8J;TQ

M9V.]
1K&S2T^:HE?&?KI])O00!+RD=SQ3%1 OM-74#A]XAE(C7^!62$KH9@Y



F(198;)PB# Y
M2H3 BZ

M:3LA!H+IKT@):Y3T+J=()-ONTDZTJ&V!?A8:R[T=%MB001H#_+X66*2[B=F@






M$SWO-Y*KKZ'J)T^OF*3 !Q_ C62K[QL6!92+W\G'VDHG\[!94DC 3X2G_*



H7#PV*X%(1;%7D@L6Q

-.

DWMP3B*M?Y/.






=P@-K0C]@$


M.!H(XH.XID.XZW20#3+@C?YW\$9U4
;.#.*65$5TZ8W.&YJ.&]J3TMD4!G9
M4;EU:=DGB@PBHX&(/R*[
*[H\C@



. Y&=




M6O4

M]=ZP^O+@N&DH
[T/U!+ P04     !.@N)0BC\<B&\$  #]#P  &0


!4;1^X$)2NCE:.Y[JA

1CNRH?=4

QCR'M+\CBMK0

_
MJ

X INQ-3Q1+4N@! 91OX)8A.J
M\?!\'V/OK=C(H:]* CLA(




MO.AL9AU[#WQ9\W%:U4KW'^J:Z2P$U3LP4KZ5+*XW*Z^P!MA2




M;)V77V_C-@S OXI@W$
+K+7EOTF1!&C:.^R W5TZ_:L)$PBGUEDMRTWWZ4
EL288_KW! ^2YM80<_S9&O79/JWA\_6G]


M%U5L*FWTA@O[&E^


^!+(4FKC@JNUTZ-=QV$<=]#Z

F9(JSG.12.ZL[Z^%CW<1I![\O%5,:N:,]:ME&%Q76CGW8V&J#8C

MG!#3X'!
!(/
WQA7Y(WEF






#C@6@(  )D%   9

!#^5ZR(!Y &^=E24!L)


M^B_;=[%1P(K&HE8=F!0H4;=__MS580(LP. I ,D'P6D'2#UB;;*?%HW''D^
M-WK/C(LF-F?XVG@T92-J=XOW:&A7$ [S6XW XHB=LCM 88 N-E*\MK2TI72


MCH].V)$#_JAT8WE=VGF()-T)(M.YG4K,SD@\QLW9RR-/[$D2J(1^/+#\/CB
M-3RD@O552_JJ)9XO.\W
D+3*(#9B0)8H2V.I=1R3#R'FZ9=?IIF=/QN*'PD

O(UI?^[Y-
BR$O=1K
M5+RSU*80Q%.S\NW:H$@K4']* CZ?B%RY4U&U5IL)B-=DLP5Q@9L613_)VA
X$3A!(3<AD$OS9X@U*Z1SC3Y/3:RD=<'^\R_ZQ





MQR7OIC!#Q:/=*7D^ C E
OFB)+&0*0A%L8M_[S%8H'FUXF]ULY_;?Z[[_R
M?Q$.HV
%'[2$@Y.$7RE# XDNN.-E[C9L$*2V!P_UX+6?G#5.:)@VH8OM7R


M

'$'[\YG\ U!+ P04

MY60#'/9
,:)G_<H
MFPXENH 21N2SX+I4Y
OH'AKP
DSC\@T1!%#B MO]9
M/<PF<.(AU[&U-[M@[P'D,\N!Y:#C.=56S!^(+3 ?65*2VH.MBMOG=G$FC7W
M\GF=97&R])_'L3B$TEDZ+TAG@W$LTGB3UR#!*0URZR3CT=.PW2V0F90RB
M0S=9
RX1)-G<SS@?&^23C

4 MYB$

?94ET
M GDNE


.
M5X
\V
:OD*7ENNL'P^KPN+BU+?5D?6


$%     @
M3H+B4







I*08W0M22O$#

-VZ_E).\PIF?OC

BWB]I




M.U;//Z+?Y



L/JM.9-V@
M[*%J![69GP


5RW?P2*.5B&5
M
_#O'4U?J/C/ EN_?&3_^(JTAQ@
6J8P*

]MOBUY1*6N81'



AP@W

PL#





MC]N#4GEPG4FU#^Z$A6%Z;&?Z3GQBCW% ?QGZQW;Z_]Q;0FNL3_#)0)MYVOT
M!!^B)WFS=)EV(R/X!#+2$@.VO0DVJH%/J!HML7#CJV[7V
V3N7;A?[2I'AI
M'K

)'2F KEG@6H.L?EXL[F0?)E_SGCA4O(T/UU0



64 GNY?V+_$

N98N.








/JSMR?G;QT27$TH;ZV% ?\[;Q)[;H%HTETZD2KW(7][F(:$19
M'CZ/P*8#;'H*QL9@G2K] 
NNDG%8/









M:&5E='



MRR PDSEFS/AJ@9)6IDIGS-)4SP*ST
MS

E^D[




MNOG?-





M&


M^HIVK6_@H6RCC2Q;L24HF6CN]*VMPYX DR.L!6$GQ5$K2J$VW(ZK1NJ:'3
D/:0#A$'U%[$%8:1BH ^LY3N:
M40-KJ=X1%3E:E)6M/I(K]**96*.[Q?PGN@=3R!R=WX*AC.L+&^/EZ1:=GUV@
M




CNW$RQ);VVP#C)#KLEKY;'.!D1 [8_+UQ





M[#0

M

YC8;*3L+2Y2$I2@TDP(4
M3CO!&3GMDX8S\#M^

@Z#V\8A]Y-PA61X/
M!6A0?M
9KH]?T+][\5;
RD- JG#(5R9.2JXRE!1P\0

MM@_?@ D8

@=P(PWE5?[
/T?R)' G^[%+:G$[




?R*HK3851KOI$8KO7;%-7
7T


!3]*U=(



M$80YQLHP$/W:X SSW!!I&3\;3J=-:8#[XQW[9UN[KF5%)
YX_HTF*ILX'QU(




M76_;-A3]*X31AQ988O%2$J4B

3OC&UD6-;L5J-E4
M52;^OF E?SJ?X

M=


M3=0)20*:VFE& \W(2_





\%R=
5YWAQ%

M\L8W1=KKN8EZXA^EBLFCB)9LK,Y]7]VI\RRCV-JU%T;+&!H_ 2[0[D:+M3



UH52CESSC:F1M
1E9 YT=4:UMM)25I <HSVW6<T,X)X]9X6/3-Y7@H
M=CICG,XE4KL\)_+[A&;B,+*P]=KQB:TWVG38X^&6K.FZL_;N82677M)64ZY

3FF6
M&4_ X]_*J57/:8#M]U?O#X5X$+
DBDY%]@]+]69D#2R4TA799?J3./Q!*T&!
JD!< W K@'LP.$%@%<!O%. ?P'@
M5P_B$PII8C#C&@R'DIQ0-)8@S?S4@2S0(-\QLVZ+[2$408X/?Y3:(JPC]ZC




MV8
4_\'FN$)K7'N




MWP.!_X%M4WFPOVIZR^]H?(JM4V^PC^1LKLT3T51JY[JK;#;. YT06Y)F
=



H- 8POA)0<%8-,T']@3/^'U!+ P04     !.@N)0D?4C;#@$


BYX;6RMF&UOVCH4Q[^*

ME)2R%.)7


-8QY9_,O.^+&_3QPR?T ;$(/6Y%K&@4J*FCC9HDI[/*5[[.5B8U*V.YB+2


M&5=WWZW;_4FA87*
!@D!T\APV_ IB%?FFWD'AMWHCM$EXTR_'-(UJ6['I$X7


H/K0(;7.6 3C9@;?
M4ZD9Y2AQ*)90=BC[+=*F:
M1W S2(XOV\W1OO@[U76+9BIOAVKKH$]O# A8?

M$




MQ$SA4*Q
F0I@B\PICDS;LEPS9F%BC ;9W%2






MBI5%27

5]K4 TV


I-9BQVD


;[P)N*6Y59PRVDJ40=W;R)1\%D16$#%?:
A#S


 .:Y)S?25V'[&


M-.8P)U(_PK4DI2+.:@6'4]2$
@77^*!KPHY
^

QO Z4-
/MK85I)
[$)VA]1]AM0
M2P
(!$^55'80+(E6YV%HBR56
MPG;TA6?S+6I!/'2+$*[
BAF'E3)

MS/
%2KT9!''PLG%;+I;D-L(L78D%3I'N5Q/#J[!EF945*EMJ!0;G@V 8GX_Z

W8%PTL[F)SXU'



GJH4\YJ [





HE06)


$%     @ 3H+B4!V]J+7; P   0X



M:G4

:9&4SL0@B=+BG[^4B:@Y]-@9




]=@
JA
#FCV




UF\-XJ&%NO\



M0@*E^TV7\@U2/MNP;SW3BHZ'$2YD4]M6L+\KMWTOL/6
0$)I*W *+1 %!5(*


MGS/


Y$F[HF!5$:H(=UY.D@3S%^.

45_
M %!+ P04     !.@N)0EXJ[',     3 @  P   %]R96QS+RYR96QSG9*Y
M;L


P[PS=)_
O?S##5%Y4HCE5L:

EC'%B

M%EVU9RWM?I




M
0(93PCY=^Q )@AD

/7
WIIQH9.=8S!0P/[('!HCP6DGH

F'&BD95C&;


=;^0JZ\]A.(N).:6:&2Y'&?MI1T?FBNK%K*&D
)MQACS
M2AS$*T8LUY0K\IDV
-& 6ZZY@

M)#)^:#W3)U, G.A'3@N)N:3.(1/(B.4#=O9)_%\PAIC0HE#"7*[%RXHPU9
M*UDQ$(K8=82*VL7$A!*'$$IDC&)&LX;AW6G55[I70.I8EJ)0V@E*NSLT]CX



I)IDQE
M_((/IIQDRE2&O' Q
?DD4R8S?FNB];

(


4HOLC


%
7$Y-/&D(^@X'1W








0D60BMP0IM?IF(6*(!6YH=*[6T
J
 L502ST
MK/1^)MXL


M@N)04C7&HXH  Y



MV73]L1TORWX;SNWZO=W6(
NEA_Y^1O/\=#]S\?IYKO\SL=ML]NOZLUO_/M;3

M^8

?Y@^(295P2)$VP







$%     @ 3H+B4(/1K $N @  1#$
M !


MM\D^A.ECEOEZ;WOCTW&R0US9C:XW(7YU=]EDZH.YLYG8;'16CT.P0UB'N49R
GY$J_T


M[S-^J?_./@2D#PGIHX#TH2!]:$@?):2/M+'!T@?^8;2$74G$)J3C$UIZ:
M4U3-*:SF%%=SJPY159!D5509!44605%5D&155!D%119!45609%54&25%%DE
M159)D5529)44625%5DF155)DE119)476@B)K09&UH
A:4&0M*+(6%%D+BJP%



O8V]R92YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !-

=NP0  
82   8

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !-
M@N)052TF






MK?]   


M970Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $VXE!B+T4C@0  )
/   9



M='




&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 3H+B4)L^H=M@!@  M \  !D
M     (!1U\  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='






4     !.@N)0*R8I0% $  #%   &0

M   ( $ZXEIEV.+1 




4     !.@N)0LZ_V?$H   .!0  &0              @('ZD0


M@N)024F4ICL






S+GAM



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M $ZXE GO#RQA@4  #X-   9               @0V]  !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T












':&ZCI P  00T  !D
&PO=V]R






M='


M Q0    ( $ZXE#?#9V'00  !





MK-W]9 



4





O




B?DY_O @  J0H



M-S


&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#<U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $ZXE#*O8R
R0(  $ '   9






M970X
YX;6Q02P$% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 3H+B4&R1'.5G P  S0P  !D
M             (!8W






: 0!?


4     !.@N)0@]&L 2X  !$
0  $P

D9  !=
%CP$    !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001437749-20-014526-xbrl.zip

 NKX

M3[O]A7@D

M.VVUWVY__.WU
7==_AO2#P*/O3^7 V#







M(SOV'-


/
I 8%.^& 1E\.&


V)8*T_8^?L(WY;-.=T
MP




MU[4CL((?E;ZNJ1U0#5EP
A/-P_#/#D45(87?C=':VDZ%=^9WZ9=(V.F73E
M!\!;9@A[ANSD^1GFY[\?$M?=@
]TK8#/LH
M3 0T=\CZGB$KB=+X $092?
M*#O8_$Q_\UW8/9A!S'?KS06&ZKN?G6ENL/FY_@X(_X_GOWCWQ*2P#[-O*(U(

)+!-K PEI@TEIFJEBY;TEW/5D.[

M%W'!


MT+%K3MY)C@?.+7DO#6#





!!#$E


M9R
X8S

/#E




 QP:5])O!G2+\YGC.*1I\O;QX^793Q
'Y^A44

L/0_F:TRP
M:V+#YLF%SU?PM1/2PFW\G/_4


Y-P.L#.VZW)VMN@5@7QWS
MT7$=U/-WQ



MMFN]KK'1=FT.N S/W:31FPM[!'M-/'(*YYWH



W#/+=





MFIZHW&8EE7=FM6PK6SFY3U29*[_!VJRV]U,@ I)ON'R_8!Q@L@*H\!1Z[
MPCZ5$Y;


=??4IOO3L3MF^F
MBUOSVP$F;)2BR?S^_:N?03<AD




QN)'-


XX$S9!GL^!ZZ -%L&T U^R:].=Q[M



FVQ0L*N]LU)=3
%)CWY@
MD^##&6QQ+.*Z8]..*V\GG^G8M-+/R?1)%2$'3N699''K]57$4JJ%K6#N):/
M(O\7\'G^-\OCAT.WTF@RV%NA@\K*Q
&*8CL8!B\V;34T:



M:L\A)P

M6O#KB?-KMZ4I6O/9M1(#;!C
]@H#O+X!5H4!;BP
1Z''E%ZKI\K-5V3U9)$Z

K=C=5F!N



MN]/.8N[T6[U.KP&.81UXI0XPG#B_:GI+443P1B0F;/6 






GO)7 (05DG)RT



B![RS3M2(W 0U0@\G&IF//K\K(9$2Q)?+*7J?L


)*)ZSD=#_$
7WPP4Y$U!




061;';<29&6B+GXA0!0IF5A


M8




 0$1B3Q4_!U9
%/L;H!NPAR2&$)6-D$), E7
M!5K?9#@0



#X
M!Q@XZ3



]5VV1.+])^=51CTU]G
M4PW8#E.HM=.MC&2T.KTC*(U^5-[/?O7!W$4.H1&$H]

Y


6WA$(K#=S
!VM]6I(!%3!+9%


U6W
MWV#]JJ+Z0+4X/Z[!Q.+P_B@\@$

R\C7NOO &U@87(X!?AG0OO7%ADX9W7#(:CL
CZN2(L


YO8(1D'2MR0K(.(EG3
M

M1'K4R@



ZVP

G









D2WIH9J
MD/KDS3;O-MQ^2SST&['#J \_';6P'#5R0A
L]]'5SO::0!1[J4D XA2*O8AN
M38U4[

V7R*;HK['.T?0



MSD]LS-*6M;:F_





 !5Q-32



D/
O:#D



M83@*/2:ZQPLV;0;G
K]KL5F%O1/;ZY
!R%'A/=XP6;-H!-A;D5N]L*S*WH





M




&P:D'


M
K%1


SZ1!B/M^55J^@
M*VT]17U/24'BEI9 1BS-V3$+2T1@][)+2VE+VYIB4SDXUJA.L @N$3 (+BD
M^2M4!Q@$EXA;6LV 07JN*6UA[V



@#\
:E
MZUM_?/SW?Y.DWY(1AF9 KOV _??*]YY)0&&4[]'HD022!?C!6S_(X
.9\Q/;

R0CXH4





M+O89X#
GOGI7QBGB




M39==8C+#DDDF!UVT.L @&(?-=@6.[1.QWPJV$6RS/MM(H2\81S#.&HSS788
M%MLD\9I3ET P;Q9+ZOVG+M69K?85PB.YW+\(X$'/-@KUY[G:P*#X)LX(F0%
$;PS!H\,PC\D6 9L9MH&-N:H40\N_:,
M*S83@N$KLNT#:<SR[FK/\S6!0? -FRWT)8==K!9\(_AF'0.[7A%'P3:;7V
M@,+ST+9B!U%TSBW.0[6UIN*3?8 1]#-1B CD#D$
J)I%%\]B=)86S2-4F71

\*5&
 A.%4VC]K7$4VC-@N.
MBE)6H@RYJ.TF!**:HJ:MCBID0LB$D(E3*FLJY$'(0WEYZ!U_)7C1.4ITCJJ)
MT KM,^^A&OU3J#XL3L@KB2J)YE%0XGZZ&+/(&3BH#*A]T0[-2$10B)$5$G(

M?$ZDIH8X&:\\FB1N9PGUM/?;6;V.N(LB9$+(Q$PF1'Q5R(.0ATQ\53E6'U9(

C&M3)M

M F+Y +I#Z/G24!*'







M9^2
6/8.PA




OX!L]&?







M$X]93C^]G.0@H


A:@E#1V=)7KWVG=KJP7 3L_;2G8-MX[ 8C<G3#L(7ME
M(RT-YQG;Y+SX77/W?):#O8X_(R\GJZ5@3J%9$NPEY_(S8/-I;6N]/N50_W=


\9Q2-[LP)
W^?

Q!2(*-4.$?TH+J6A^5&33KHG(#L(

MC50RE]_T?I?O)JP+VCR2= @.

#!&1^9B

;T.03R3^
M[Y;^
C\3K-WMSCOYY:&J$I^U'&F9NP=L:QVUS


][QGGWW.?G6CJP03*3YR$Z\
M)


W$) O(4WV:';VU8?* 9CN*@WT!]


M_9F0]+C:P$O1  :* G;[


M#%!@+W%_UA8$;


MV5







@+ )-D%+2D;%
M
7 GR55L/Q*3!;H=[YDD%5XQ?.S#@Z9+DCA^:#HNH.K;$A @#)S'*/193BPH
H!);\$A'C2%P?IPK[E;J
V1/_D;Y(K(X)P 7VD\+PI++Z??U?\M7[
M*BP-V/DE-S*0 YOMQ0@ZGD1


KF10<S3TV\S;;])7O&LC$[(':LW_'(
MF!T@[)]+PW]%_)

PN

8D

M5X-B(%P3M&L &TK_+L3#M--!BMS&9ZXZK&\ ^_K$='F3_$7PG!]BO+G.A
M\D_RJP;V:WJ19(NRT?R:X]VNT5M)X'D0*@Z3/\2?NDNN5\)T'CJA@T5!^ @

MGY(']-!S*[


J?C_MCXK2UWJ]^:Q%'AB;@[M.CI?&;[ND

)8BJIU.YUY

M66

/O.?O^KY%?6L%CZ[\B=2$9+@I$[Y[EH
\7[@Z2=&9



 K3
M3N%%V4PK)UEI


R]XWEY?T!:Z&$&D3@1_ :'%E
MF5DR5LU(T\E39DGJGJ;)BLJCRS*,EU&*^6,+P:A.6^ZV92/[9XQT&LQ@N$U#
M'?G?IJV==2SCW?&/WC (Q#+@/S=
T?H _V+V*RUV$&$=TD/[V4
6P#[(JI_

MFJ
848QX B
V+
TQ571IX0$6QJ#+ZOI/WQA
W[#8&T[: -&!S?XC;K_Q-[:O
M93O
U)@MVXG(&)P+01/-R#.W2V2V(W39
])P[02NL0[^R2:%K*%9QYVX&]
M


M2G/



M&B+
F
Z:UI9O+C]_[[6_I XB!W@^!-N#O+IF-H#


8 E


^,&+&=B;2W7*U%5;07W\2&I#H4R



=984=60^XW6):9GVYEDE35JC['6.:

M$ #[NL2

MVCBG'

&L)7!$ZLPO#BN





J^_5$WL']7O)/R





:6O2JRRO:/HY23)
MY0W67J6YH\1E-V57GB1R8*H
E?4BJ7SA*;A.7Q$F41:CKN82K*^O/#OVN*

 )2\FMRH39@Z(U%FZCK F;_I#7.N57CO/Y!J\=-/]!S$#

_DF\\*SFZ -/\BGR(K




X
_2'B-73:2&MP%^ZG)=*8K
M



MN($W\$X/:'0K8JJ=DX^?6ZFMS


[^#L2N6

M5-Q833_N/D13E4/Z
0?EQ37HQ]V!:)WN8MN (^&_93D0_/A]W]!79K$VE:.6

;O;7(
SD]$:J\L950(1 5@ERF0P+^/OK)N
MT49@IYUR

MA[PRG%D




G1X]3-&A-]7.@M5^%'*?V
MSXZ1VXL#RRF2T8QU6XX:IZA%


M7TU1M?ECREV NTC=GW@


MK
PU@Y/8

M_!FW%)JQH^EB_^3[(2%HYLFW49



M8)P[WW6LR0
LS*7K6W^4V]?/ML;]3N_LXU_=\+WM/$LTG+@$7@



M&+%F(THC



9.'Y$)9
E

I:P9N[D7'K@+RBRKHD\X[K^P4YB1P7

?O)U@@&A;M(8P7#9$[A=@*+D0&E7
M-:JQ%$'P1
VJC;K43Z\CL

Y@W



M1S\
_5'V43M]=!]V*;1K
;'EXW)Z'\XZT[7

0.#]8'X


M#V?Q?\\.MR@'9I4ZP'#J[*H8^=A9
]FU$O-F&
RR+3%OQV[2+MF@^
^7_T]8
MLXU@. JMH*CJ


@)1;!4$?3.M:T5P7ZN])S2UKQI3GV]K8'&



M%(W3.*L-L[;C!I$4YZ'8LU-1MR=-(19[)=!:G0 5C=
PJX! ^KG6:0J!/CEN


MLJ2X]+

1_1&P:%
'@]3YMNDU6V+6&NB[



&)Q^%.R(ACD27OG(^9AI=I5-7DDL

^?F

Y#

MRED6QA@ )IE#H5[K
B/(&\;8?D0!$?KKNZ4%\-(K\G-WY)=JCQ))6PW1Q+%E

X
M^@=H%+Y8;62G;+JO F8EJJK@


6




3AW'$

B16Q+$S0NMXC5O3RG@#%
M




V+%&&?3OY@4V
69%O@#6.S(8KFD /.8F-80^9N1E]%^6C^1
^
QRXF

2)P2V.OH#'5%Z5Z %<W
M:NTZUQQ^20T+TQLG4+N\D%N6]SF^3IW89$]O^3YA/'9_GDN4*D5%J5.GYH
M\B]W9&8;JEIGG6^38EZK1K?[GWAZ(TJ=KEF6\RRTO$&MXPY@4[W5(=CRPK8K
ME!D8V2LIJKP@<OOABAV3^A




MS3


M
DW-.E*+9Q2$2%M9H2TU\O=FCLVE[09!PO'C9U0DU3GI+[6U9#ZP.@61



%[X:

;NB^EXDA^7


MN(F=W

D^K4(

'S(!( I9FWB)U9!N!'FFY50&#]]_
%Z5S5
H9GH6V<6R*WVQ[C8CQG!
M=M)[92!I-GD
)=L)B!6Z$RD@+NMX!*N2KH[#WL*+TWA@^Q@Y+OLP\H/PR7PB

FVYDBV.#N+
MCI]2VX[[:#QV61=)$*(;#^SD*/&
/%[



MPRZ)7IET*.$(\-P/


]D^4%QK%:^B

?]



_!8$7=R27H:.-9009)N A\0N=SS
M
_S_V7O7'L619&'X^Y'.?[#JS.AT2\#X@KE

MNX/4YM%G\RN$BFVY-G-UE3A




M4F^M@*QYGLHRR#'

]Q*!PZV=.!H0PG:!)NP-%0+KLE17@G6A3!K




5JX%)CW X383$]*IF/R'I4OWO MNSF
M:_;JK
Q#5)B0;&0XA^F'@2F@@R*B']%(&%K!IIAU
-5]@U&%X5.9=6B@C7R?
MMXI;I2+YZJU

MN0[LI#;8HPT&YKY11F*[A'QF$-
WE
G$\_B&&RTMDY3B-/#G2:^]S2HO+('/

MN'=?#YBD(?46XU[]-4#9XD/(%FD)AC$MRRZJKQ]Y!$X/TK[[$A[








JPNS<2.:CB1







M0%P+32O\



(F'4:I%:16J*4)
MV^DCRL5W''^A]4?K7[.N0=;186LF&WB9AD

:\:G!)SMV&6_]+9$1:?__9+''8?



M]R3X@ZW[([(B


QQ:_42;$=N:6&[Z^^?CEPXWB3%[?V .]WQ]HP_Z-


;*8](WL






LLU
\O[







MOQPZ *D5L*^^L+$B+Z %;Y&?K=&C\/[/
U9+O((OKJI0PR@@WD

M3@!08I'?E 2P9OY%=%&ZV)





M


#W.Z22]8U)X*LC%;/5YV6K$\UFIYIU$YO
E1=^ZLX8''-#8H3 ;=Z?





MJ*J:@9L/Q'YHOUE+Q.ZK]\FQ[AT7DQNG 3XT3@)\&QX^#L4@.Z7@[*LZ#TY#



M4TWF=XRXODY_#\EM&)(CMMKL#[DZSC &&I]2&TL?#V
1:?I#LV+2 /]!$/T?



&W+]0%.#SW/2
MLG
[Y

M!YHK% 
P_LR21=MLV,73/+BV.#:V71@2ZFT!;6N\F3$YR5U)1A
MR/JPYKF$OVGZ'K2+L=E%@3!E(]11^,/'^<)R OS:VYD5/!1QS6[AW% HJL[=
MQ.%H)SK[0<LCMO[XZQ1;LWS(P#VAO]'W

M

M-_0SM/NX3

KW?5G=FE?8YBDT)\&[;MZQRE6T+N(=@J+]@L
M/UC5/E#8'0_+7!;6EJ ;55#4+@+:AQ6LR&,K89EJOKS=NG5N_^2V_17;9O

/1



U


]]$N-]JCR).&%UAEKN093!8B+
)B'0OM2LNF5
MLJD^

@FJ4F];11L
&:#=Q^*G5PM)J

[VMS@?3AZN*.'\GH7BJ^)BF^%T.]U=.!2]'R
M

^^]CONC]OE;MYN2/X=V1*@H!
Y!F\
M7%@NW/:%Y3&%/(.7AYL7.-S4^AW=S
V&$S3\%8%71(#AVOFUH^NG1VL79]=6
M!0FBVSMY+]S4@W+28&:&XX:H.;$X:=6TNKD9.:8&=VVM!D=EK&^O(\7FJ\


M3=
+PPK.Z39]-T

M8NI%5:8PNY
OTX;(V(F6L$E[RHM[XI&I$[U$S]*-)V0/RC1CA3.C'6 9\S






M:;RN5S&\4'M-*DL+AH2DR]$@*$5O*GVFM$NIUWND4S6DE[&FFRI%J0)DOR
MIJB\V:#

M:AI_B !#*WA4FC
9@:6@?(V 

M2RPP:-* 7:]R:
6A@YC\(0(


MVM%-?4M!=Y?K

M Q+&;E0AJ-&3GZ=V1.9ACQ*&'? Q6)
!;]<!H3-U,$GJ#$6D];E6UU_F1J:P=6NYZ@C]'
M;S9+BM)T5\],&J'P6C-(1.PBR(*7A60)30 14%+)/TKP6V 4:B3'0?1_BG
MI3*S@/P6(+F@=2 I^RD^EQDG\:HA+G;^MCSZ$NRJF\1]-2L52W']L-K^U!LJ



%3  ]\#3R( !7?K3#K*=^(Z

M-22


@)+5)FQ)69

M]8:6/32S..%#'
6!G#-1]H[G3_N!:45%N-DQ1]I6LEF\&_DBL(H(
%P]NVIZ





MENYZM8@^Z)B#%B@2



Z@@[C]+2V&9#!#9:[KS


=B
ML[Z=*:AM(CLC7/5AH*9W!H
6W.
4DT5$@*$=;&ITU'X3
A+7%'&(;@%EMW*I

A!

NK:&K4UCE\/VIC;JZY%97=8PW&C9A8E_+!:?=V$FUT#2UH'?Z
M6O5MSPRA?+CD%PMHM_XLZQUD/1JV2+*%EVEA=#!H_X[#R)DN:X(./:U
MHKO



MC



=


MNM&


M6'/J5.+C4T0#K2?\NVZ
&J;XP:.H&.#)-1K)FCC+.@@MESKUY-D)F0JQGJF1
MA6]
$-K(H1:9S!=^@'3*K-$P+U81(S
@H&/]-HDN@]B%M_B

M.QY$EN-%2WPBQZ8+\






T:UR_ E\#%K4=GU\
M+7/V LMC]


N$JA0)RKLK-2%<K#NO@L/:AY&4F7/*S(9/P.<P$;H5''15



W(ZH14^L-;1];TE&@DAX@
M0RNX5&]!5N%



'6
MU+2+*D!M6^&

V+6U/CR+_N2WILY0TUHL O^9MJ4%]5*=?M,+]1O0
M.R!62I6IEK. 5K)0+KJA+!5.YG&\^ZRLVKGN<5[/:6I-G-7._)S;_:9#.9N

MC W

M# #LGDT2+R%MF@R:'GO7K'JM)F+3PV$P]'FJ
*;LM=2X)'9EN6I33)MS=Y(A
KANUWL-UO
M7-_^\[?__B]%^=O6D^^9!+UA'@&VXT8&^4ZF@.D?Z&UUU7Y7U?Y ?=I5C:ZA
M_7$[0:ZF

-TC5
M/Y/Y/0G^^)%VO7__5PSBCJH!E&CZCN\$M1*9O$^
!?O2#:H#
(1N^/JF:]PH






?]@A0Z-0C/#]K*C7=+G


M:#P#PA%F)YBEL\H8DBSD!4G]-YM0E


J'/X7@1O0@_%\1T&^$:)Z@C







MR2R$.7%[AMSM*9;DRM'_

H'
M@G6(!NJK7(NEF7UC4U!+@%5-H*ER%;NFCHQ--RNW\H%@'11DJGQ];?;UXDWD
M@
6
YK+@5D#Y(]=0
X%U3/4


M')3FINGAEO_$0+7]




E-\-HP

-DM.$LZ@^#TAZSVM+]_32_X!6?@!
M'LK%87H\_:&(

M/


M

:6Y:K8:WFUE9$]9#?4I_E=']E2 G





MSLP1PO5E*BTZ(G2U:H4\5=STK%9Q^FP%]DPQM(YR0






W^].A47\L.5TLL?*Z34?%H(&/,F)
&Z5SZOI/H3(-_+DR

M]


3:Y(Y?
\? H3'(P'8?6%\#B[HFXC^0SH#0+C\%LQ
4
7
?Q






SO42
M
.7)

G'P

M=.Q:.BUJ?/<G$OM\JXX2;_<;GCD
MZ_1M0


M:V!H/.':;8:/)^1NR+@4U;@




MW)SA+DU^




CN@ TW 6?(0+]BC).V8R(BD :QF6)N ]([2Q 5I4
&]%]
M5R]*TM+0ZNI9H#TI


MQTN;O0Y57(*5L27%=_P:J:':



M-2'
QJN G;Q0JPXI
U)F&BHS^4ZE.V1&A $S![5::*BQ]'R/M$KN2R*T$OM!















PK.%'0HO'])K #8;%*5(M^JZ'IR@-WO*S
4/^732
!.



MM[(?1^BF4!-ON^B&4%4!ZX
O@R6]U)%JI8M=+W1?*]LRY1WX-3CQ1!FCQM4&

JF0!=<<? 6&/XT?,REXIBG
MAQGY\J

DC_R3(YV1RRVI1/R87:[_C%5JL

7UC#_1^?Z/C1LE]ASVZN?[P'6ZBS@@-[^I/8A?QWEL2H!:
M#7[:N#+\^GS\^A?;O?N(<M\\BUO#V:&JN[ S+P4;KMWKC1NV@[<AD
Q]\UZ
M?D\+%-[XWF0O@B




MEG;#^('-
%<;;

MC'BA\TC82D6P#T2 _3O!;F]D\MX*/%!\X;;;G=

C^GH=6OA@V _5$7V=

/&V+;T-(;0N)0





0L[%4I%?\7

M151(DD9

V:W-M43!7

]MB&/\3.A*X*/S/LZ?085$ML



GHDD*-);

6N*Y ]G-%5Q3V@:!7
%&/KG$R@XR]8)DUFQ14D0C)^!.ZB70(TN

5WE/Y(YO8G'E?%7
MFC;91@#H*K3I*VG:3G(TTJJ/:Y&?)H)I#^$Z,%#:8RG?&G40\FF3^(@V&+
M[S$\FON/=-)@

M!Z_CNUWKB8XRI^^SF;UE6A7//5?A1)IXS5N(;-8I(\JVJ&I$X3Y/FOV HB


D[- IQ^L]
M2F29@8



AD@ WOC]<+8
MO)/Q



M#H0?O7^B[7Q/
ZL^&O'#NPD)J]QW'@;QAUKYX']:CMO/AFY#O)WST-OY#H

M'6\4[1^'[@;)THMW5754
OB=TX:JJ??S&&RO?@1X!W574OD4-D;J1N%X-?#M





12!
M+F_] *P=/ &R1?N_G)
XW KT[NC

MI5U'_


M3D-/2R@

MP.@4Y$LTT.:V??YMH X&9X*SB(7[QS5[SB^\

MCW8-E3)YY-H/R@&(?=SR_'2#W&NDK8#D2SLVLUOWXQ_Z6/]74E Y;:!6CX





&
VP<3P=^_P#FJ&A%P&77?!@@$H<K.TX%E&'YK$ G1)G
I&.\V&%ROJJGHEC<8W.LD
M345]G\'@7A%I*L)5& S^C9*B&Y$M,QF5#8G*$I27/*B*RP#3WSUKCGC^ATS^
M#O#@P?-MX&QP+LXP 


5JY6*J^4ZD50



2%(
M)VZBKH'


0JJ$\73JV YA?8IQ/%PX70(W/
#7I[%'&R9G
MP9'#$@]GKZF/;=61DA'KH)[

)P%ZRK-YE%4U8V7SC(M
MWN.JYBIH)T]8Y




-)6


M2

M\H?41)V: G]+
U&8B$H.&I1U']*= ?1Y^/-B1N*D8P5N-J88=L$/20[$1L(N
MV;?!V#0/]DJ
UZP6QAUUT *U(:'
MB !#2[A4





WQ)0

M

M])2?D?4F]


R(

OFZ

JP!RSE 5@\H*P-RB/A_(2QIW$4!R3S9@<4A/](V%VC*EE75]5<


QQ)(8_X7\H[RNV/MU7!-M3
;3G+K@OT(BXJ




M%7K//#



IPQJSD@%KHJ2I
M/^

7/]VYN2:

F[WE/7!CUTL
ML&NX7R9+YF7)?#TE\^J@HVM-4-RAX94%(AU*X0P&$;C9O04Z?5[3+6Q&Y.

M6?N




M'7D'JWFZ^

2Q5\





?43?EH21;'=[/ PM40OJH-]\M2 FAX@ 0TNX5#.TYG-I0V_UB&:\WC\O
MV(3X@$1QX&U

M@6+_H:G$]*:3&'?WI6JXE&HPAXT9-M(T_A !AE;PJ-8QQXV9-B*CL)JMF!R;

J K\P\B
MY1^NIXD5-[.A/#G13,EX;@WVV&17*SE9L(ZN5D9'';;Z!*D9@M-N[*1::)I:
MJ;!MNG0&4(Y=




@'X(&BB(/VU0$A7/@1[
R?).H&A*FN1\N-
M46)5F-M4NM4HC2%?Q4Q@!-0I-#Z 6_$\P6R4:C$(?!%YMS8H4Q


M;Y-P\#83&.!DAW3




M7X@ 0UMX\\HS^_)

5RJE8

M:(5V:'2Q@)A\(0(


;Y3 ?V(_:\WBF[H HV!\(P&^'XOC
M0//3P4:[F.CHIL;7S'M23ZV@N 6OPCZDO=XU\LM (%U5\T *0;3@;3+N*%I/
MWQ*3/X73OW*:Q/FF231 ZALU3D+7+B3D4FBDT-0G-+5:2CFXJ!T82:DYK]3(

(.FW&[=7A

@NK0&ZJUY7N9
21SY:#5R4OAWME:2


RT;YGY)%2!5@%0!4@5(%2!5@#@J8#


T0(PY)?


\)KZL^R#?8W]9=O:GTRR
M2M-8I713KC/OF.SRVF:
A!'&JVB]]]D*_B21\@_+C?]_]MZUMVTD:1O^OL#^

)(#C)/


M
0FJ*8#U$@@B_R]N I+






M@'5;*9BF9HX&\BL%
2$B @U*P-3J:P



M@ZEKPX$D)
B(A @QHP'6NC :8.
?S*2/EGXOG\ZC.:+KY.PO0S4ZDY1?6=
MOBQ3
Z0X !$'4$I+B]+
H2HXJ@J&VL@X7Q4HW/4/H_6\ZU]!UY?379_N=$5&
M)2B%$C0F ZUORI!]$ =12HN+TLRA+CB:X;$


I
M[%YPO[%]


@/IT






M?28G=ESA:\CO=N3
#IN.JLHS#.V80:I



M)RKO;C4G)XTIVVJ^VN21,/E[LJ+;3R.FH5-[((Z *#-Q?]/=SJS.84:)3#
M!4AM.)L?8-?G-E-3TS1)(]@2&MIEY%_9CE[2(Z]5D#KRYU7E-_KMYXWWN
M_+&4QX8#&-?B 1++(\VL?2$
U56*13M@M+N4
.^STI4C%U1&9L_-8'W C
B

UFK0TJ*+(
M1E+4#;=\I145V7%%9J$BDY8&-129H?4G
O3N0(]
:$761T4F+0UJ*#)3




M8G;OAQ=]7)+/-G

M?S2W$V?&EF;[






G
MDX1['!8KV3)6I4D.G^WF#?O[N=]3W+PFI?*Y3([ZXV*LBLOD&19S;!3[?TW*



M@U




M#V/;_S4*T\7U-EG,K/Z6GB
%Z34_;2J@


!@6E]CN9)J
8:$;



RS:X\LJV*R+@G7

MSB+$1'7=

HVAY*R:]P0SC*VKD7$9L&:<R:


LH:A88P(/?
B(
MP8I/_XV_VXL*:=

*E.]#_

3-?1WVDEL:4





M8SN:_W\Q:

-953FRH=UD^:GD]DFQ\OS

+'F?


M\/Z7WZC@)[B\Z)Q_GW?IWB8#1


H93V[G80KI:O

UY!+E3H

M08$#PB((5E9E.P[U62UA=H$Q2G*+S0CAL\EZX11T/]VH./2I#=]G!:):W=$D




IRI%?UM'94(6+S7HD1+:'57ZHCH1.UA/RX*4.C6/


M?)



 C)^W^3ENJY*?G[2M


_09@B3
6&J:$-!_O]%:6#:4/Y+KF.CT3RX.QX1I:]=%Y]

M.=0 QS4 QADB&M1!: *0!50BPHPM+ZUWXWP5!702+50082V)[Z8 :^O^&[
M+X


D#%L%%E8)IX?(LH%1NE VUL*'!Z*R91*!!92.-+V/;E9;J2RL
6C=
MC1



]C@5;C)/$\
M;T'



'P]8\=&Q:[3V*@G9-AG[!A]


.Q7! \Q@M2ZGY:


1I-=K_

M?WO)[#H%!VY.HY6[Q\PT_

MJ$$


M-/?SZB*L0EE$G+(*A1[IZ




MTR)2[#H.Q921LM!X_I(4Y]_'^R4
(BQ)693\&E$:_.H=/JK?3COIQ;ZD:8Z&
M
NN

19:#L
M]A=IPAWVB\LDAB-S-_LL O]EM[\D_\6%/6 )=A/;(O!_8/_7M0EI[ 7PI[?T

M(RX(L#$P=RNHI%SG XYJ

MQ(;*;&1Y\LPA#4^QY:WSH4JMM(2G?Z);Z?&1ZIA)\9D[Z!;RG5NRTZ-U-U
MHJ9F3E[:ELS4N##[)V@



!_!Y/


OF\?D U\]V5R/!J/L:V2Y'
M[CSDSA.!B OP1+PY^+$



ME^NZY#'7.+ N;)*=P[2J#[(&+X(_ /\97C=GUR@NR2U-$I_[X?EF@);Q/?N.

P8M.TUF800X
MY)!P8(


NS?K*[A:B7S%$Y5Z5-;D2^\3
MWL+?&&M;AB5-P&GX'P]H9G3-]#3U_?5W8!*C,&8^=C9]8_G%%P%=_T]

M#LMC@LS_B\#I@'@H-_K+_'CCMKP,5 &WD5$F6?)J,A,&_P8?!K0YYXEQM(


'
MXC%8
NY@\0_8
R#
HA&S_WF

6]M^A ^#X-?3_\'K\^69590UE5;ML6]H#2


M]NT[B&@W$Q:K
%9C@?&

F:.W^3E(

VOP






M @U=AZLQN!S+#]=*S-M@PW;$?.FNDE[QQ_*_OWZ?]&:/8L&);289HJ: 4Q
F&:4
$J? @-2XG\H
4(ZYJSK]FW@)-%VH%


:7


TVMG J:N(

M5W


4S.JXW%B[
MU5=7*T+XSU8#_3A)V;2S?
A


MW!L+_F^!-CZ@%1RBS_8C;P3]E;EEY\?Z7=Z.3TP+[GM$'DM4PELWG6F-_)4R

MGA'
7^S%SF0]:LN7N\=\ ISGE*G?I'X%&A._@P5Q=
M\3GJAWT7T-=\AM-BZW%L/#W87_:#;/QH/B8JM]N1R^;6^\F

M:^W.+;_+/;_EZ'*M.B6_!:N

O2S1!2)-Q1.


P(8Y#Q^
^

HTH.\SF



@O./#IX [8Z$TU:JPP'KS
[K
ME[GL.%VPMRZ?=I?&@$4PRV2'RDQA:'F RY[$\OR1FYUM




M/XD$KAS88

M\U


\NIVDO
Y@XY^-NQQU&W?DI=T1VC;A7:K3:0

[NTE]EE%) U;:PG_F4\[FEN*\2KSP_3[^A ESB+95BUF0\A

M-J7!^3)MY^?W$FQ%VW=9)&^_O$KCWKUM+U[GY6\?07\N1?7?H-F7=4-? =_O
M_-#Y]O;O?R/DE]5?L?3?I^D_8WK%O)1/'&[4O0D^_'!F=G!//X;11WZ
0'^C



T _$<_K_



2MN@Y?29

4H


4090AZG:8( E*C)2%'H4&AJ4]H
M:K64+(V#4B



&Q$


MYTC3!^




A.X!&V+T *1(0@19Y@HDJG?ZR-
M1J8$3K^4!&!!B50.M L2X9.[QA-F&X\FMD:+JZK12
@=;OR]!4$J(B$#


?:P)*A^%5*B(A @Q(PA3C#M##RPL@K(^6C
M%]B!@R=@W58*IJF9HX'\2D%
B(A @Q(PM?K:P
3R#8RY

ME%XDB12!!B6T0D]^A2 F.D2@00F$]C6S+\.%. RYFJDZG(;1/O92*@SV!U
M
'789?U@ZMIPH($!





I9Q
M03SWS873


X2_(1DA-

M RF&Y!X&:==*Z9Z7E6[/

!A&T^DF01U


M
HH3M!X]H*

MK1


S




?;BRRBTJ$=I#ZLH8N!!!L1FV]C$Z LOL@A*@Q+*


1/-
[( $R.PFHW8E9.D=N39/O'#&._4=U@GF+IF](?R*P8Q(2(#4K M ]^




8J7+N5M!Y)
M-)O'RVE]\H(5T[[

M\F&^\
-'&O'A)9%WE_+!)FB_.JT@='E&!
%!&NY+'MS]&?%MR?


MA\08KPKM*!@YVV__0%#



.+\<6JOQB/*? ,'@\W6SC<-/J:.5@BS?BM2-XU4P3N_6*




*K@G$[\
MUO\G=#4]M1=I45/3]_0NN0GB)$KY'


_E8/(3 9B1_J6N_Z01-Z4 /5C1^QD!!]$L


)MJDC[?N$*;BPU0?R@]3
MI2K.V[-P[_R4WD=V'+-Z*$)_T/DB@54+7'BX=:D;F9FS+HW)RLQ9%IJY[NH/

MJC-'.J!8WK JLKP1A=!



B**BX[:W*%BD$XQ# ?:I(*@3:7FDT4](XM[3&;3
N95P!(V
MS<-&D]AH$F5&7)G!1I.B0DVFNQNH\DF&-[=B9:^PN:3M1<6K.*
#C2?7$:K
M&^.:B







MCJ+'$/8!DY=M-QL517=)
?_&U$Q+ALOLXN!):6%1FCG4!
?[X@PKB/L5GH6%
MR8!R7A.?:IUWZD1G%6@/H0A-L:RG =5!Q *2TM2C.'JN#X'#IMHH_0'1(_
MB=2*[\-).=2@W%^/T\(NY44O[FZ_ZBZ_N+N[CN%GH\56+&6?/
(ZQEZ6L'?I
!AJD-APK4<8H)$1%H4 .FEJ;W9<A(=GB$-T






TW*C#$I*3



+$['8I*



/X@@-E+V0CN8V2#?O61&
M-CPWB3TV[(#TS Y(\BGM1CL@69H^4OH$20[!49L[5 NRJ85J$FR*-48KT].L

&W
;6?W.^A/!K6UV!$H/@<A0#&Y%$C3#03
M8@<N^?!7ZBUXQO9%0).R7366?2+,OAS1VO%:E

M-.O8N)QPDCN=9FE#*VXT9UK]JV4L(7_]=396AV3M6PFSWN1C&)%;L-^H H4.

M/5(


^<B5X\J



M$[T_:

$
M&I10$9AU1I2*CU)#

M1 O67=WP I3#X
QK(4V:L9=HO3J&T+XV




MP3QK1K;*7A]+6VN$_2J$^N :H4M4L5; GO'-3?N5XPZW0.

MQDF8FGENAA+G260$KO9%\7D2V.^VC(MYFRX6/IW#3MH^N0FF833G+B4[0RIP
M-K$Y';X87ZSZBY4ZLFAX!J2]8+Y



%MG4E.H3&8&%2Y]KXF=)N&A-/P)^<[**3QA

M4_&
SIP_%,SXYP;T8+KY2BO!&N=7_WBAMU!
M#=/8#ESX5?K#H8N$ $!)S ))8L_#-$AB 6Z=M@3.=I7MV<4QJ))I+DTN=<),
M[;XFL)PTXI_QO^?I$K%4L0@^\<DT]'=4M2#'T58&J0!(2*!77FZ$*A+=F7#
M9P_7/CM=]:GR69\JM!5'3EI*E&KL:@0IC[\&AF:

M[)@F7*..MJTG1F6;UO
]Y?-^%Q&=TBBB; W8Z3

M $P9E*4X8%):4I1F#M5 S6I IE8@;7M4F(_8]*C^&;AL\+1WQXKZ
 ]12T)2
MRG.I1^&HQ)%!

L]
&)Q

P$
QQPY:
3;=DE



2


Y&



WBIW#[B=+P/$%A]( T*D
M)AK$MQXZTKZ.B01L-_Q'AO25-Z(@!41:.@X7JNJ
$H#:.T(EMZY;KK!C!L
M=JT3!GQ!F2W=Z12#1A1O7\AS^\)4.A6.]Y20.50#C4SJP_8PLB0JNE
]438%

M_16'._G4?L-MERQ+AGL7 B%*;7E1FSO4!MB$32A/$!OT-N
)YCTV3FW#AOW7
M5+3V6MX?O^UOM*3O^20&[6Y0ZT@FU90O/_:*W[I:,77!H]/KMV2\H33&P]

B[RQ1=G?BP)WXM
[#[044

(WMP(5?

T2.*7G04G'JW(KY2?:E+^;O?F;?MH%\$K/OL$NK/]IY$&


MR)*):2
QZW!PJL;N.(V%S5;56]@)NPVWD97 $:
8BT@9BPPDT*CB8$EI05&:



MN.YX@GF7C1-ZL6$3-A4-/=8+8A




M PSG%Y&WKR(?9L40IAZ'*',-DSVWV[CLA




ZK!319B$U1L2E1YA#C



M4 *C:




M0T-^O&*L4

3$B @UJX-08

MK!@





SZ]4:+


MD;6KR/JHR*2E00U%9FKF0(:3%O3(A%9D U1DTM*@AB*S-%V*LCXQ2JDWE5==
M.F'8
W5+EW
;Q)14$6A00EN
V*W6\RO_6H?I
P^
RYSD%AT#WP0/\
MA]'B=

M-PL

!V [#]05^;F%B5@ET\




/6A

H<I+B6[,R%EYV;[Q**JIHNJY%/*

$[BY\T

O#CN%K4RG^)3
2@?0'4)*VR_NL((0

M0+


 @
M0UR+*@!5 *J 6E2 H?4KF-C49FN7/?'%#'A]Q0=;Z25


MB*FD!:D!6E!6I64VBIRV:*ZIJJ

MFNQ.Y6G7^6R_AD-M)E&^FDP8A*%;MO!;;=AU@DF4K09EZS:PG6\H6UUA$F6K
M0=GZE
QHA++5%291MAJ4K;WIBT=D2^J)B\)E)XI!$H3!64PZCT$GQCK)[D



B$*Z2
CV$KB5-O6/<O;^KQ)F)V'-,$#V2[JQS& TOK
M6]*8+LD@(@(-2L!T8&ACW4*4(DI%1JFIZ0,%'TA 2(#4J =#1/8H0%1JB
M$WVLZ4
%G%(\6JTD9+VV%PPMA/Y8T

M%Q%U/)N-D&(S:X@]9Z.E_L=_@&%K9]6$6IBC,8,42HT2BUM,,0S+ 2IT U


M(
79



MMG7%2\[7+Z_2N'=OVXO7M\Z










57!4ED]H


ML\5)0N+8P?)%290ZWT#)


-@
M
ESRM*LINLH@2 A:$%3[_8Y=SP14T@+TH*T(U(RPFTU&4S175-3RKF:L*'
MSX.?O%YJLV9

F2

P=

M*%M=81)EJT'9RL[4+8ZPB3*5H.R]965/I24K?P@=747RZCCF+0S9=BD 1A


M&$




M Z



(9*P+3?;W2'I?'Z2X:0(HRA$BC%5KVER9F4#!%&$,E
M0-IN='MJ 56!M- @'?6&C4%/K9JJ55,Q%-6L5ZF'^;S;F



J

MER*YLK#XG&G.1&



%&$


@)\]@T!AV



##



C.F_



MH.%;?XZ'D\WGH(YY_





MN@F=;PRI7%]XW]X4%

A










*#''RLT&?I*EEO
M=Q7?6G I:O:UNRE-#7N+H!S259=6C*6Z(C)L/VWZT<:2X?O \E4H'<K!0]F



M@\KQ;5FZB

X0

M6&@'&G%VFK:XRIP%6TT:O$A%=%T1)@

2YP
M8Q5L?H1XY9F=TABCQ%E2M00FXVB35\LW TE2F/-^.3S2;-9!??(%*\-R86P
M*_^B4H[NB$5S\,R6R_#BY711;;8 .9=U;!SAB5WK*(1SX0\Q;1H,C.^X1N#




MI.=);-0BND6)RU.UW'W31![,9*03+VC!P*-^B=AO7T2#0X%A\AA 46DOS6
MP%?VTL3W@S#TKMTXS(/ Q4SP?-QXQ/'0PWZ%1&PQ4;?'&O
(]AHZL;HEH:
<JU^A1W\AJ9\YWO8E'G/%'K$Z[$Y+G:







J9MST6J441WW
M#X;A(G=$P*GP++F3*[R:\M2OC8$8YF-MGM&\PA@Q L %!AG(*CX$[LC(Z# Y
M../(8-,00'/G.')G9[N.?16HA=5E$'*=1MFL&W3&)(BHFK8%CGVB5AIJ[1

N@ ?+@ ^2'6'94/!2XHD6
M

3

+5\L


M]:SY8Q%=:


IS#]





+:EN6RLR=Q
7;?O-4\V'YN)SZ

H1((
M??G*QLD16DQ3JN+0'4PIK]K7)KYER=(1AM;3F:CB$;5J7-Y5X\'+-TR5GI-*
M4FI G%(#JGBD*'Z7*AXYCD=W[WB1
S=QW* VY/0N6L57?XM#7?G4_I';+G6[





#:$&#P\OVI*B51


M3P7%QAP(;^X'?Q!P[\0)M ^$F07(AZAU4K5.6JAUTG:CW2U#=JCB@E-MZI1:

M$/KZ4Q4]8A:-B[OLO&@#/W1BP.F2DM*I8E3:N# :D!5CY0EAU&?ZI%[QXN\
MN8GC!C4BI_?1*KX,7!SJRJ?WC]Q[J=LM0WQ=($156UZJ39W2!ANTP;C.K'5

=1?L -




MJGM



K
=)Q+^
MAQ?&PDRHXGLT6;4FSI\O(!(N.N!,QKF









M^


M9W





<2F_$E@R1*HP_SZ)I,'!A
MGT$FJ,7= ?:YW

AAM#



MXK




MO)2VXXY[?DY^7E=,2359T)4##,W$-J.E_0E@4+7Y.D&3-3)9$ &(\)\$[(




WJ&[E;]HM:++$!1]$ECKGZ':8K$ XS'KRZU^UZRAU

<OZ'8F7$&'AYUSAWEN-(W\Y_-2! B)-IA%6 [K:0NXO$[N!N!



M%L3!6/**X='

0K5X+E7&&IY.)Q?#T9I25\Z@4#Z8#_8(RE=
M$[06O(=@!6/SIO^G&LSB+Z%CGIT' /E%:'$E[EID)+-E$X3ZXG-V7(NA]I$
MYV$2/-LBSPR#1_X\7=A;H55M '


4

M9)B=7.Z6=5\:^$802



E-<0&E@GDGT_N6A





$CUL\;N

FNQ
MO%^$2 _4&JCUQB52?+SCOF^ER!'&?B/TAHE!U' 5?G]N)O@9<;?_WSCL^8C



C7^85L$_L-KGF&X9N.?BPFP:]H_$^#H1?WLF


*+GR9KW@8'

MC$B-KQA\X\\NG6)%QQ




A;K-&

MZ\

Q:\;3C0OV^Z?2:\;)_9*^@_T3^S7C[\XNP S







MGC


MCW[= PSLQN(*3V.&+0R#9D/K2#[/:V)S:U^5J:4BVOE1[7%RY\0T!+DF6YD.






MMM-?S3T8& $WHWFIG7ZCVT^7T2CID7

MUQ_7W=@]US;26B.%Z3PDQ,3EELVP&3@ KJ)[L5S'U YZC.71.[;DJG=XJ2
M[1$@@7?QQ+

&P

M2SE]YFQ&#1/TI[6(1[2RK;-T[XZFY_OG_2S6H'CC.')Z5S\CT:L4;9JB56FO


5CHA:U)O$,YGFB
M;HHO)T3+#?GQ/Z]@H[.SN1ZA(B!5VT0*HQUUB!'A?)+=T6 G%P/\
R4'IGC
MH 3P 5-WX+6?/%

M# ILH:&R\4R$JERK6SYV+;G^B^?')Y9_\2@YPJ9\.=3% V2\16R-U(Z9+SWF




@!

\.3HHK$GF
MGI-)4=PQSK

M0PAX
%O.=[7I
#LBU

P['13SC.&


*0[

MI+BA4\0'\@R#U!YP.H@V
7\*[L
L

MN)#!PDU@N@.B#5
-T(TVG
]
VYSY


'I_D M$%8]BI3
'%-FVN




(9*H+13
+SJ
6.8

M.7YPOC=:NIEH





H;&W[CSB)#):T?4[W='
M62

%N
_934;@/[5A:UW17[=B1J







M62A7A?B[J'PUB:6%2U%

3 MG@'EG_$.(SRI'B_6@R)M+_
^\2)#
M'DN






M


MV_@BRP


^\QR-

M05G#@V]:_
/



N]&ASWFN
A_U
2A]



%S?(CV70[W#RZ%^SZ8
M*





M[_U

MWZHENR3;C^)*N2VSW+*XCE&1!*1S+$]!7
/\:!@;9T%)0[HTR(*N#Z[CS_E1



[ F=(_
MJ?JGEGE E7\K*J+6+.&^)\RCKLW=P6_HRR?M6^RGB%_*
B_[-I/(/U4\@_



1_D2UU


M_CJI4CGH9&W]U@MH?.S3KN*_P? ?]HQTQB78DJ\:^3ZM2CE48(-D^!DH3C

!-71_BB

M4GERQT!1Q9TRY0WE@Z&H'XP/6IPR=B?H%YU]KAQW[KAP!?@
L2K(Z*YP:^H%



MV:53G!D\70C[=E4$4VGD1[C:F@\*9?N@+.S2?$M




)V45VEV[)57;'

7U-:G






M9

MY-_$@






4Q8Y*)-)$0@ RC6-*&JHA#9\H8?3C;$Y


XKJ:6B5

K




T%M I#)W[##?


MLP=^[EU*F.\NZJ-Z4BA6R%F/G-J7LZA:DL







OCB'9=?;S&&&%$G!*
^R@&:J8









+A=WQ)(L^D/L^ [K3^)A1TT[J:48E_/:'LH/M1RF.^BO9&


M:MRZH





=MGP%I?=$
W!(1-^?<@ZJKFMB%;5#

IMV!&W?%2S;-@=X=*




M1$!:
I8$PSXD2_Z(-V7]Y

VN++



D3A9NL3%6N.G?V.2%3XV?I$



V5W


MYMX:





MR[;X6;ZI_
NS3*L*YPD6 .DWKF^B3OB=/E*//%A4_JH OQ7@A3.UGHD*]85#
M_:V+RTO4X/ZO@OH.4$_AG
)WX?!]9Q/]A]+DN\-[E7$*W:=$-R]XE1W




YY1%57


)7O?,NKBZ






MD
;NU//FR^UG+S0TX VJ(=;6D6\TE97(*FSEEG[Y;YZ62U*.[!!&?9-O\#&
MXQ*6LIYT^/;MVWWY=L_QDD30^S0AYUQ$9V3BI2%PD[)OJ1?224!C (AB0A+





M%%?59G8*A:C56L=.K0NI-172K@J/
9[(QN2S_.E\3MF$9X_@(:Y3WN7KWALR



QJ3G?'O!P<'CNN<9;2J?QZSP/DH
MR3H7)=GW^PU:2VRD,0FNV._R[T;WRIG);HJUA%H7J]I9'W-[&EN53-C^YS%

)!2D_S&@:-*TA9&C]3#B_'9=X^=_1M!H# AV!\(S

@/S##+C_'8)W(QPZ66\'S7@&#-@
!UCTD!J#OG2'VTO\8X<<+]OV8\


<^<6R#YQ(S]W U 51^G

3C$8^D
M9:/CM[=MR]1'6E
_SY[FE)VK@O(3M_8+5Y ' CJ!?WT^52RZ%DS=TK M.S_7




M@HUPMECS

?F6
MXB
;=-C<%C2=CTCSZ=H6[^4&:4A<2N6&6M*0TZU*TK'


A2T)(Q

MT.SAI+M]6XCH%^XVVGY%;)H]\Z\D80L!O:/@1A!T1:U9 T!G\[:
WRLT;C2\







Q3:7W&N3M@4CO7-9 Z.;&FMU+#DWP-H(


M85PU&USNWL*=#P
JM@#1D@M6?Y=\1
-*.Y5%8$6:L@FZ[M27;5.;L\O:I&WA
MIB6AK!8WU8_KPF+X:\::?)J.
TZ73;U(70[



1
M2UVSD)QIE*=PR_.=AI(MK+2D%6F;SN24I3R/(S;:+8;Q03ZNC/&BG:#WJ6UO
MXQI$;2&FY6MB+8CYF#$E/R14


#]'=&*O\




MY



M\

K3N3RN
MNA;9C6QYB_*.G_(HXDS^6)+;2F.#U9


4EZ!B5NO8:6W?PRRR*23IA9I+I



MR2U*&I![O: 8#0E:[RGG!0.$PE*K5;Q*@5V0JI(^);NNIY%
6^BGH--4/ H[

/C!I8^!9XA6O


SF$




E8]9%M^RU/D1SN@##0@+2M6L4W/( [!.




CG6!H#+1OK@T
M@$
#'UUD








M:;?U(2N4P08W\]M[?C9B/.+UQ1


2OMF



MJB6._U-0#



M.C1E%9]3 




-.PDC]%WT2D@4C5T^)X0&$V0+67E

%

L66+S.ZK5O=L0S5V-[G[*C/MCBMJ[Y(B





VEP=]4E:I_8JXOH8JJ8==76I^'=

M-D'/FNW]BLI:7
J7W''(/^C4X?F;?PPI;S?1YV@=2
/?OX_4$L#

C R
# S
S%?8V%L

M$5J0]&/_^@- 2J(D@G@2:*7FRV1


#'?_OK?_[';_\515]0







^*WB


B/*,,72#--)\0E-$:$3D!:Z*$M4E7^/\[J!
ME^?XN?6IF8K(H!68XOJ&F6*H:;''''U^6:*B1#?5'(DVPTYHPA0%9_$B_;^Z
MK+B]9$!$2F8P+F&NBA2YE?.U^60C0!D)&$*@NELK@=FB'ZT$H(%$S/@(%.
MQ[E <EO
+XL%-='2
Z%\85BK%$A.27

VP


M
?F

US E




MC2.'?2@
97\7MMV-0U(0HZ$&K0O&0.U #?I8^

M&N@AM1;@;&R1%=FB7G3.9=B!3!(OLVIU'+
YPK$]^;)I+
RYECW'/D^M+AN^
@:M4%NVR)F3_<H$-:! )P73
M]VPY5!F;.F3@ J86K0O NV3  N:*S@'B?3IP(3]C%X!WJ %^S!'!
7

MNT\%(MQ)01E$934IDKRFNGQ2K'XQQBXGZ5\0VQX)70VL61LLO&$M;$8$+%BY
M)C8G!!FT1!N;$P(
^K7[TH1=&EXE;O2A%





M$F&@5



M4U


M
P4Y0.!/=XW

EP;#_@BX2_J$AG
M.IW;U2OSN%34OF
6[G(ACIO5)Q  )





MY*:@ ?\2 N-Q?L^Z^Y$N$BF[NX**LEW
Q8%Q0!2H._NUC5W%N
MU.I@G+X3PH'#HD6S_.*)6K*KCET#G..<[M5*BBE+!))Q3/T0Q=.JK]$$M$,?
M@(CZUTIW8\B6_F&*2',<V;?@7TS?V3/RS9K)MC9[$^%SN\EF&]RSAG]^H!O
20Q;L.-L

'#W.!SJ7R
:


M

'\?B'$DZOD.Z(%BGHXK2

8Y6GUD+]+GFTO#.X4

MNIW;W/]#&Z-ML::^X8H9)FQOQJX_Q_D7@NMEFP! \&0'2W#2^S3M^ TYB2/L
M

MG&@0C.41!DB?#$=:N$.8+&^CM.(*]MN$85[VGBK!!6
+1@QN/ JT$S-@S[


MH .*H

U

TA-)&9V=D,A)5P1FZVC%!4+7C
M[7CPR+YN2(/






)$J[






M(-9U;&5Y!?\@MK
Y#NV^!DJ&8%O@'QQ:G=0J 0(CWD^J5/$/Y(X%^]'=XJU
M]);3=YHEPI D]8K^02F;DY ,R =5_F:O$IGM;@@K) 1S3F

ZV59:E[&92@)U**T+=)SS/TA=OW.HA'=_L;KKZV/1$0-0


M@
^DIFJYG84#Q\(
8(NU!KI&@:%)L4@
M%VA5V;(T+#J)7U=Y7\OFGGW/M1^=*B&N6Y55FT.9V<U-WHA=TWD%<* Z.9%





;^!X_LDW38:U$\@5E1
\X*#5D

QM2KQLB-G;D0^[MW=-I
NQD0B(T4#-L
M\.#8=!C4GEIE;FF%KG<&JE<Y.#BC_C.B$0[J%G]FO:E# N@YB\DBB0T7(DA6
MG/@.H


U+D4!





4?K;=W6WUKR
* +122;F-A)T8E10^G%=$J+


M1R





%IRR;+T8,PG:D;
MHD%)O3YI@O ES@K2G:2A

%]

C R
# S
S%?9&5F+GAM;.V]6W/D-I8N

MTZQX_/NWG^^BV=WY]?6WWY157*1Q3@OR]V\+^NW_^I__[__S7_]?%+TG!6%Q

M'Y0]?O?#]]__^-VN];?;YN)?TVK?X;CQW[YK_W'?]-707WYLVK[[[;??OFO^
M==^TS+H:\D'???=_/WZX2Y9D%4=9(68D$;24V7^6S8\?:!)7S30J(7S3VT+\



L&1DT4OJ;@(%!7\3W_X?1SVKS9JS09FMUCGY]KOA1*5T


M&[C!

OI\FK-2]W/%.2

'DO_]V[Y_








M@R3]9B5I3M2:\CWQGM%Z?9[SW9(MLC86MF
%-'NA@M/)\=K]3@C2T-UM&=H_

MEV9KV* +!UTXZ


 4=R9!S3HF9$
M ]F


Z.2*_O9XOR5KRD3
G)#3.H\K2'-
KAV
-#EW




M\R0Z+X=D62C\B$/E=[/$GAA\IF
L8.=QC\P5#-U]P2&L?8*


?$-NO2+&!C(- C+\AQ0AP&D$O\O$5(#.($JLY%!I6(07B


MBMMW27














M*PX; DD@ -5R)&


MA!F3(;P Y?3$^7M&ZW7SR$-S=_?4T]3LA0J.-/L8W.^$(/E//'M&8GE=)'DM
MG
&].^?E.0%!/F!8Y!
BPBC@'* _VAN%[W];7')-@6X(N2-/G+PBD=\SBM;N
MR6^?W]BKN&=Q+JBZ6Q(B))59FC8J3YP?=EYYMM%:+
G-Y/;CB(JWA%([H=2.

MOLDSM1*XG5*+01]:EDR
KED@X]
!PBJJ8((QCPD

[!_^_3_Q\\SL'C'$3P((*?L@AN=B-Y$+7_)D13
MFC]Q_2!*&$FS:K%UKNB*V^J17(K<4&JV!W$;H-'H!N.VKDA90^+]S;T3;0T

F@3DX@P%-R
M&U.=RV]RJC)4'$&G=DG7@AJ=TZBL L

MQ6-%V(HSV

4G:




M?D30.\#7;&3V'*1O()T;UN!IR%
 X]_6JO5L[ MKIL&3LTZA/7M)]GPIGO2^

M[I^)Y*_&OLI;4#\QZ\59)GLYML]WIGX+.#@K@[

M&B!1
?VX1_L@1L?CBS707-!P.4SDH'HJ)BH6MBN%#6)9//6G0_B -J(0/C!R
M^




7B277ZL@6L394


M3H7DNO:U#RF[(71 1C X=& L8@\6RG;M/U'AD(+&UVCW=P_QGI&8D[)1GTB2
MEB&H(P1UV$PD[KTN*-R^@QK@B69*&ULBJ('&/]E0':!4A
Z7*MEQU$R31N7I
MMW0*320B1[Z8^GX+=%$W

7@*


MW
X-Y4
B_R'*BB?^5RJ

MJ OCVRA6TR%K:(\2R(S(&@X6IT&/BM^U5^M[0A]9O%YF29SWOB.N;#LADJTG
M=


M8FO!.!HQ& 9#!&-Q







M(\N#)C05RJGPL^$--(B+\03_G'24I-*:@(I'WT2 I.'9HV-5F5P$$\Q#BVK[


5]L\Y3X)?D\X4468:?;V2[%



M'E_#_(B\)3F_K]-94F5/_.8G&F_&#!G*

MD-]L5/


M6@6T#PQ:)KOD2WF/I7Z(1*
M2IDN)]30.[DPLQ!'H(THQ!$XBB
8;OCV$5CP2\1:.J
U/SLV$8=7E!PA_Z;^


MO8ZU03$X\
9GW8GQ:O_!0G7
/,DWCQ#K=V'$^_7J*P?2O)7+7X2U:'VD,NN_XAG#KL5&0$-UUPTS7W

M]$WTIW@EK_JM:CY9 /Y-\R?B. Q6Z=&)W=^VE^*RE9?SEK7U3OK+^GMRXKM+
M*WHF7WK8*-M/&(+_ _




MVSV@


MDF3-#/
_YZ21#HMTMA(5W_^ML5@#1O+C!*3B1*Y).N=:5$
==EU^KJ'=AFS
M@A_/Y0UA=YS9 P4L)=[.%=QQGZ/\YK


=?84ND:NX#@%#






 ((IR:F%G198WI

V




&0CIH,)?BN 9!0? .@K=1Y/*:<IYZSVB]
M/G^NJDM*8<%ZH8(CKR\%[7=D/R7@GE&HO!D\ -.G&^?:-5MZI<631HXFD^E


MH&P'93LHVT'9'EZ_2B34.-;?W(F!B-Q#9WNE^E/LBFP@ J\R8?'XBQ9*

%NQMP=X6[&W!WA;L;1;M;=HW$I33+M!=M:L*WA
M.8*;:W+[O13Q-IJ _R_7UL/V9H5X.,Y=*F!J<GV-./<W(6A

M*#G+1W$I
T




LJR7C6O59:?2^UWZ$]O9J2ES$7;CA_WS#ZK^;PVTKS\X<\:].Z


M8$4-5M1@10U65+45=:!H-&DSJDM5:M(F5XLZTQ1-L
-$:2#BGU BUE 7@3C_

M98=D55./BLG@3ITLY@0&O\O;\KO8

MF8/
/


069^
S*SV27I0V;^


*4#ZWNYR;#N8H8
M$5$WB2A56#R::G60P9QJ=7@E87M+HA*LGM


TI\?[C_ 
_%L[X_[^_$ESX
M\=F1\TP$5[2UHS$T^T&





M

M&B7G K0;D#WG @]+][((#!50KQ0_Q(WD%Q='1! $3







MB6#MCD20 9;&F6!$K6
9I 
L;YBP:P? 4_-(\\GEX.I9MM!E=0).6ZJ3 (4J
MX]CN]3-.0C*2%57DC[E%:7%;@F/
T.U
B'!P#%0G1 CE+K4G/ W:J3]

M

MY+*0YO(!$J^!T'YL]V,0UG0[$$3W?D(N$&F#JH=.K[% ?DF'KC^X.!-(._
MH=G:DKQ7-)NWS[5E;G;J#8AU'6$?NI5J

M[%:T&0\C)-\ B/5G-&?]


I(5M0D

LZY







_M(KY_GD T=5BAWT!BW

MY7I
UKLOJ









9;!;8V+Q*7[4JHD%KVA;\R86EZ)GSI]HU(FF77FB
MH2C]AMN)Q9T
]M$BB#

M+A&)[[R3D ;I$*)03+C:;G*F-
.OOZ%?=^_'6!06Y
=$?V:LJKE_AV1P T^$

RI)K
MRYWA&(H
KM6ALQU#(6KHU)




M\;M0X@HP&L


M
/C*G/C*S
0





MPKC4T@/9PHAHIJ%U&/:][P@#+A\C!( Y7X"'+41%Z:; 05+)%YR(&K0TU





MT-AN1?'S\2D*G4SMWG9H%G-R15GSW\-%\*GNIQ/2PPYM O-U67+9_:)FXA)J



$X





X65%K0ZO1-26$0S4Q:=
MIF&RGH  472JA_DUTQO&!\2(K399C(05&# 5I\
&EL*Q8=-(H)%:D+181&&

BF M_*Y*:DBSO/1+-1Y+M=9'D=2JJMVO3#AS%H:7M:JO





QHW'M3E 6Q44:D:]K?OR2P4KLD(\XU6V'$QI4WJ#R

S2


-)W]^4Q01V'*ZBMCY!NECTUCSDTCH
X

M (K_$^VZX'(]EXQ$%.'=EW@M?;A0WMA3ELI\IP2W


M*4M(3S)K)E30LM9D6YI*'NC=I1M)T2RITC$-;EDO1IAW5QC58\;L2:ZU(H

M? B=5*^G6MHT-FAO(3H0(LQ2 UEK(EB[E1 98*F*.=D803W]#%W0 'B5J-;5
MC

ME

M %)64;:?


.G=E@_A3NMK^&DB/;O_CNF




M%+*%O XK*UWTE\66I03WUU#TS/YTEVJ;#]A"'+T(M'0R(:4=W[#2,^U9ZG
MVKMKLIX:E12,SLJMY#HZ3%=!96SLR$Q&+DMLBSHQD;'M^J#I!_B9/C4QL%Z







S.
M@S(MG^$3TX=Z8+'HDV45;9JC*V+!D?TT*



C9 #
M/N'2]#B8S&!P# 9'?7U
/0KFR)LAL]VEA7$[^$?HS%H[]51LK;W08IYXL;



.OK8E:.&V(*A.U;UJ0

M.6*\IZF%=NAW7)II[= :;+5ORU;;FXMVN5B0I-K7)+F/OXI*Q[?/N(K_V+YV









[PY%


MG= 44:[@/OYA52V[_-];$\Z=92S5E^DT.

M8%HS&X!?#H


M
6CEC3Q@)

M;NZ::.CT0$%DHL'3@XPB$PVB'BQG3S2





ME\)NO?=AS


BXNL7-
R:SE_5I:D


X+F41_AM

M1GO_P.'U=O4!K(V 4IWMG:V\N%:[5-)6QGFFDO;[734'P Q2L;/
!T(#NI6!
M!JRL9 #
(
U6%C 0&M =9B0]L)(!
(



_H#YD
MZZSE#43!-[0/$OZ;VIP/[^0CO9Z<\;!U0?#4?SO8MS4NZLI'!VF0(]T#Y


:84;H-IBK6=()E@%.
MDKO*':XFR5AW LZ8N_(?KF;


M SG0





P)D1:!0+=3@%$4)H%+Z
1%713/[$F2Y#QT N$@H/(



M




D3L5CX


./V+QN

MJ.!TGJ/:_4X(TM [PS*TY^=KM_CY\9F$*P.L/YIG^/)SHO==%_F)-
(7W$^3
M\;TCG1I+HTYG.GHE'?L#ASQ3GWFF(5MH











T*TO*-@+?.PDAD Y6*!/2

6KB#SQ3E?GJR2II?U-_1 -#_!




H-RRB[(?Q_1=N;W8&EA]5H:#03T[QN_XKZ




'P@*T@^

FJ2M[0^77[=4W9&J:B70N2B1(?:+^(OLX:?1O^:A

M:E;



I+!U/
MY%!U;E=;3CT/.J-X@+M_@.4FSM+K8EM(K@^6O+4'\F5N$=\.C_;[BO.AJXUG






N!O?S

M3N])9*6/LCN361W0^P3HC ]N^DZX@B49VN[H'=BA(/!4DO8U8T/O;C
MP*A%EO2F+\

MVZD(10!$8#3*0*P:P4($=WU\AI/@)G$'^+;AG!8.'98N@*-\ 75#?^%5T!

M&J4.1/@;0H2V(BNA4@%&0C@1H.B0RCT:'B:H2@1BCW@6%-TDAU,=%W!Z'3





JKP*A

<Y(FG6]
*W3Q;T-


;VL?Y$
2(] D0W#./O!##[&=

M]3J'.-80QQKB6$

-
_2C^-5DOT(L1_A(YS=4:
MB!GH6%8'L(Z,C[2%P)4WXN++O17=Y?VNTK1!0)KL:I*NT87_*N#SL ZABXD
M6/O@ 5H:T(4&ZRWL\'00=Q&_YBP[HL
/7VBP_C0I3

M/7R!P3J3(C'6HY

GY\9.2QR?QXV$1K1M
ZJ:*$__!(V29Z%&](E*;E

=%0=+?R2-I



M  2UG1#)0P_PX6$Y'^.B7L36472'1\(:WDG6^MUL%N(1XLQ(/M--,\6!R
M(,HK@6H=Q),+=8-=B6BL-KEH#IR*:I8OL'L.BZ;WR3D^;ZR?4;-+8C353]
M.@(:AXXVHA[E XU)6_?@4*B1:.)]-'$IM30TH3Y@89RNMOS
$2DAXCT$)$N










A









W@A5:@^/@
M;3D.K%6\X4?


M ^TXRO;
2R$^DW*4J5%\8CH3=<_X

MQ*)1EV6]6C?
&]5\BJ-*E/&



Q@48QF^^
M429


%4!F]3\#:1


.9KPAH9
MIHV/D91%DK1T3_9-O&EVV#V=)7_5&2
WC'+ZJHT0U

MU)-W97QO3T]!:%;4G*HMYW&Y6WI$@/MY@]0I.4G;3(!4_^\N;

MOB6WK1R(*0M1T^

MSYV

J*DL];LU!1$C.VX7MJ

M-L&XS&1^.F O]W!V*2(7Y.' 5CT@I&T]A+D(08'+#)4QQQF


3J_^1MB )QT&?
.I;6XP



!&=GHGH


MM\X4?K25-



M*]1[VK

MSBU)Z&
K0ZKGS 

M=5_BJ&+90]T\KG-/;_CYVOO Y]B?\U E$7[FX3KIGE




MX7J0VG&
6(
MP#&RZ 0?&#X
B3WH1B-/6P:'P'$_#,RS/H^?#07Y !M1CY YR!7Y'-@)N




L?4]QKLA@4G?PD%S^2ND[
MVXC_;6H GW-6?*0BWE&RF $##[%T



M'%]530YGQMEF*Y1WZ4YZG?R#V5$E94A8IY
 X[\S556Q$7%9N=_L!)Y=^6

M

.\Q8_+$LO&







M@P;S&)84'LOR2_1D'LL:[\FD$

M!=-?

$%     @ 3H+B4-ZV




M



M?QQ.: ]?!*+5

M)3_!HA

M1$(G'?#_]N

B'L&M_N+'F/%3=5/MKVM9L+41F9DY[20I.!J'
MVZ++

/P*16MHG9I[T3ALZY


W;#8)91^2@6OU/GJ)H

6+DM*+Q??.#0?CU@6I
A
MAORI
[5K5MQI1+*#3KX ?(0^/^\LJ01M1F&A [UX+N39906)\]1QF\];'FR
M;-[*1!5(9YHD:H1

Q9

M;TY*^B1^3CL1
2A&U)G*
D
IBM^L.CC
BF&U-D:#8?6I[28







M.T/'WCGX;)9R:I

U5XH\=HV%*_5)Z#O?)%[M

M^
@)F8IKR&R2SJ-M\]?S+OI0QNI6HD_.:O2).



M:_%1  LL3?M(S5JXR)O;/61?M;2IN
&!\ UML3]9%/]3T$WT4A^]?]_6R05(



M=YE
]2^G'5UND7%T]KE!VO_A^;FS#G(IUE$?J+?U.N 36C1O$_E3
C%T2:M&N1VYJF):: <J0#,CY


MT.27*



*;E
M#P&,K(D<S6QNC[?+2$*7MAHTK7B%(E


#%F

M





9
MIRX)QI_6&JJZ8CIO35F[_WY\V56JA(6DZTT4R[%4N2$ITNX&%<KEB 5DA/8


CFT=K[YCGZ*TX_4(X1O:-Q%I6EZ#PFQ+K)1C0IC3=I,FRT& JH:UF1859[
MP7[\HC#' 03]X79);;WHT%@*J]=9;I.LZAHJO'SWQ4GD'R8QMA<-[LPO1PA


M
)4QQ_M2: C/+W5F;BZXM(X7FEYYNY2:]K%AJ4;2]\
5GR04V7#ZQ]S[EO
M\.\7U/'/47*EGM;'


MQ@YJA;3XM0+1P7!^

K^


L5;(B9 LF.
M)J!<LV6#P%&(5S7D#*2^EJ6- GIJB]8#8([)=MFTCV^@%-/FPGAS^&
F*
M_9.Z9KHVP&HCP09ALA%Z
C

LF?.QV?\1$FKRR@6FO@C73_20L$_


-E3C 2



MEF9U*5!JZ(&EJ3Y-MED&#W4UCN*9KL&2E(#FZQ GC4TVE27=G?
K2)\XP:)R
H=



5K&




NS_]$*!?Y405
MP&QN^&35*%7NGVB67+(JK*LA$'Q2-Z5:'94)3JTP/A/!U)-@P!-
B2%000
E3[9R*4#62<(5DU-('2PB&$T9 )
MV12*3Q:V.PJ!!W&U+: 4*+\J/-%2EE3K


FNS/
SMNX1HSG7HI;?_I












M($


+D0=HF65%J8
MWXKP3L##M8RW

+N*;?^[B;BU?/K*HU79)M#T?.1RV*8TD92B#<.1-%Q<'ATT1

O=_8R&3V5# 4CITIY_%$G
U44&!D)QH X=.1^\[F


MSD1*^FAK3JD@LSF,=.V;AM^_'3&Y-/F8\LX9O*+J

*W_.BLYD3O;7YS%S
MQLJJ/

M243Y-+707BD!)M]  #


D=Y;]^:_=#(GBK'9
M]-VS\/*3TYNE5!UMD$+T+5UOUQ]84;O@%&TX7^I7L[%C?H3RS



Y-7)?P?V=4

M3I
[;(741!TT@PB']1UEKK?)KT ID5*WIM89@F3\H:E=
[
.#I@B#';7A*S)
ML*F16(A4WVHA(S
:3()(IA8;
0P=9R)!OQ3J
BIZ@VQ+D9@\N!P)+*Q*$G)=

I7@Z#
G$I^




#^@5Q\$YW;R]WT45DR\.]3&0Q(E6I1:J+O+/
M*42$5*EL

R&#



MR*:WS1/^15::R02/0\2.DTAN=+4HT1PTBMA]4C)'@/*[
^L([D%L^5S!JQ


M?Z!+5E#YX4/T32'/EF='BKDE+'Q)OR5T



$=89
9K'CJ3VR6 
\;
J@
M%IU[66R

-XCG-!

07E(11(%R7GQ4#V@V...CYM


4#X(0 GNE0;+ZOX[$)&M#1]O:\[T7RDVI^ ((-AUG[J-,] TZ
MA0HDO0$]Y$W\/7F3\/^G8=)P7 G+V%N_K7V
M/M)JQ1)Y]1P2?Z.Q2#G7@N%+H+60P4BN[55.
[1 +Q=]3-H[9W0V_$G!'1=<CN/._

M;IDZ3^
)Z
/?ZNQL#;$65%C








MH;N6=8V&



(


:#[\)79








M1

M5= [&F=16:;+-!;T/6U[!9WO'JH4)A1V&J0)90K.?6NS?206HMYM5-3O;V2'
MU&SL*/2.
5O;8.$9'QI]MLVMAC3X\*?()_J^*=T_R
/+;@?L!#UN:P56-?EA
5IN
M^*VU=YJ$)

M.\%=K^._!FVMY5MW%D)@):2S%
+70IK%M.-@.0O2
CLZ*25H]W_.(
!LA=



FVU55I'H;Z)07SI#\''MRJD]I%%PV*24?FKI


L/34VIDYU/MJ!P4;CZJ3

X]

7&4_'70-2
M/



#BW=3L+_)L

6G[BB9M/
M=U@O2




KG/]J@);*0VF:1VNB;I'-P'0T

?KV



M-\O/)17XW3Q6$:SS*K_X%J_XOM-+5G1[@%XWC4T5FWR?$AMA8;KO#XU(';


#A6H O+L5.A!M_!7H43'

1(Z
M%+^J2] @NUNX](SOQXR/^[HFJ/;_!'J3[[#!'\,3.,B^*,'G/_@#WFZBJ*/
M;^#U(4S]#?2VZ : C-+Z%9RC3D[.H&?EZS@=_9^'$^BR ?IAC4RP$C43FA1

U:L)I; )Q/=BN]^LH

MZ@@W

MWXM'Y9H\=:


WOS+:A10EGFRO:.
&/E?!AT7_PZYI
M2C@ @-JYG







A5SC%:]?G5=6J8JA
MQ@/PU#0,D\%P1Z/LHH18[]L:NE X1R%9.D

4.]D)NO


R8

(3(3OTLO/PVZ7-3$]M0




M#@XX]Y?%)9D)QH2U.'-XC7

MJ

FQ2X!\
MD1B$

M+)JCL


M4[$\0.3F$/&8!D7\:IP'\
EMBQ=1(?'/4;:EI_'?MVD!SU!E]9%6*Z:J/V
R





D*@B,;<Q9V(NZQG'_M_DV7K-<H& .\L;[95646]0/

M[^@SS;?T$ZT&70R#WV*C\OKF=)_1*N1#S2/5^NH.P^&*8K
R)6Z*!KD7Q1


M/49+O](&.4T/M%A#NO!8COC@MTAYZIW3^=/D?O;WE]YWL.$94;4IW1W8T7

ERVSIC










MGF*8-:VV/WU8K3:KL#P5X0?UVA U0^NUJ[RB?&O
+-V^0=8T6W=RUYS7P)J3
M;NLE[J!R4U

*=[M2XV3GAF5E


M*+8%$R8O4_Y1^U@0Y2]M9!8!T4:PY]*4+'5#IUJ)6+DMUE'FD-FJMC5G0^
M*IN)LA?.B'0.ZQ:=!+9Z15^)]UG/WC5X1:U%K//7[XK1K+X5]%3,CD7NR)]
M?+'@-]2GKF
4;G0XTH[
R)[J:Y 38[B-2Z))R&4EDY@F(
M8XU0H$J2-O:).2'^?*3@8KW)V NE'5







M



Z





=/5FSP!!QI=
U K.\



M
W C6^2F
$N4GL6+K?D3K;LW6?^/L!W@



LFL^WD&J [O)

'
M6Q/Z_?N.1ME%67&5-FBOZP^T&
7ZSK8R%9(;+TIZ(KF9?I,N2YG:PK1QI]H=;-\B+XI6! YY(?#:&Y9LX.
M.H3)#EE=A
*5T

MD%7*_P


M-57DAY

^6UO8
8@<T:OZY<UF,<@]#$-WW5(G8^G[MW6&
_#2UM\
M[8Q;74^L@)1 ]7

8X9=R?

MK_QCU%4[?_M)%NHJ?WP2E+MWCE+_3F\XS^3+O28\G[?\/N.@[#Q]E?.[])ON
LC9394O(UK5:B:R<E



LX)NLKM!S%-




. I]ZMC^9Q?



+C_\YH)1^C^66WJ-)_B-_?LBR-

U;8Z;
-


\C-F/PVKM&)[/O
Y*G^&-Z.;95L^]BH'U(6(2;M:=?J;
MC

T(3[Q'7CX2K-G

(B^R3*B@]4 $3-8
MXUTEI+FP
#S*U8$\'$.9#A.VFB!FNP;Y67




MQ2M25BS^E4!7])]W(Z75WI;*=MTZ%&MD![O[Q_$14YO_.5M[2X7T4%U0L=
7EZE^98FM5..Y:5F$*/)
M6&S8H@X,YX&*'23(#HO9L:;9AK!)5/;+IFT6AAYGCGV.9$;5M,YCF06#0<\
M.Y8;I30S)9_G



M5 PM$CB28S2[


M5C_Q[A7\TF7&A(J;&8*V@0^93]%ZN





T^?H





MW$!/=PKZ
5VB^%9(?]N6E:@:]\#X[8BO


M\/*YA+9.;0FZT[A*G]

I58=

GVVK%BO0?-!FW*E4CIAN8AS/[M#47M<N/1WX
MX(Y ':+W6Z7#E)SMP2?*&-7R(=T#TX\Z]9SN#[=CV#
\SHZ1='R V: *XLB2

\*2HZ
SL^=S23$R-?T





MF^P%7O4$ GQ
6:4Q6=*$&Y
9/SJB:BMJ@74FY%8F%;[K34'AY_I/;S*1K [Z



M(A]W+9G-





M/-65V3^-


6978
-T5U@E)I



Y@RB54

^;?CI8:-XV ASP!S3
MC@T29/*EJ-N_H.ZTEO(;YVW$_QNG&^'_OBWJ]S7Q]/O .N_ _6Y*^S.CKE)6
M


T%Q%-_&$
MQ'*P619\2+U 4K8K)$SX+)HU-M.&,$K<JR;FF3G1)W6O6SUDNST!DV

MW+5N;J W78P7I

)D
1B+M)@T(OC+N


E
M

\@ =@#[


)R
)LO




VVQI\RE/;SAN6[
MPH *@9PP$SZ5TQ2B+T%%H(;
 '5/ 5Q&Z*X.Z6#4.=ER[$BGBFGHMY@I;
PL
M[HQ?-0#%LG)N)W!2].6T7N5UZ2Q08_S_0*
IU




M@L!#[H
AJKD//O\8_8T5K0 HDA34'R'S8\G


MF5XLES2NB_C?+$\3)NK\*V\=9@




O]'\[NVO:\H5 #A-Z=Q7&RCK.2_JHIM7&V+-'^J
M^ZOJ/D-/!F#KV1J-B/O(L@Y

Q0/%:)<5]F\HQLHL) _=4(W/[S4?]0/0$;--CF\V BJ<S=^

6


/-V=7<?<R:.]'O7C8AK^\7-Q;_NF)9PFTDB+VM



W+YOBTT#W#E)2O.5IS
7&W6GC!^Z-\6:1ZG






9D0AS\9A)-(/1??A(HW'VF^/?8XU Q73^O)TJN!C


_<)8\C7-
KZJ[RJ4T5D
M$-WASPIIMC;O]'!=''P/#XDUO.AN1

M3

M/AAN10&9E$-%


M.4;W7 

)M#\%20

I$OSUA$(MX/-%H
MDJHL30LS(GEZ F1?GI


)C/ZM5
M ZY[_XN0!='QE8KJH/6+ 6 UHTN'R1:-7D*,Z:[+]47JTCP\MN?FJ@I^-5?
M+Y9+V4^F%3AH0WY'@1X8LKRLX**_]XL+VEBRAK*Q64QWW.:_YR-+MIO)9=
M+%SSO&5T34[/X)1G*0MMMV#$Q F^Q@O2(,SNYJK
7'-=X+\DJ)EK!X]I



-QV&AI' (W3&)



IL=9;*6
DE#F4Q0






M*&



5Z$QP0WMS*$J^!AS2^1_GFV.S6(YG_ODJUDV]0/2N_

M
AULR%
])K0) 7V726RM_#&E//0INN#A\93N4_&:H(L9:.=!FC(30OEE&W$G


@+F6

M6;&KA$S+BV]5$;$BX4LH7JXJNBX[%?CYT*;YA$(*/$!$BHQ#S'R=: Z7@#D5
M9T51Q

;E4IN9!.@?U Z80^Q(L%V&&_:O%CE&^74!J[
MH

1TK
_
LTA 5'4
MVE7Y(WL^P?HC.U/Y.IZZ



M:G2:&H+WF#0U*I
BT6RN$'%W$=T1KLIR*SSJ@
:.A0'KU!)VQ\F@:7]46E
MZ1+6=[&535N-3B.T:.QS=





E C!I((=\GA@E
#.EFAWE22--Y:GX
M$*\\#R;THCP!IAWE.1E[O\H3T VF/%6LP_0I&EYY#K[C0^PJ$#]O,I5&C(



M*X%PWKJT._9[1H+$@'$=)@$C(P2Y_)&)JVD^V6LXR5$)^[U#9@M$:@+)G!

80=/9[0'W.QJSIQPD^'Z
M5N=YJBZ.(U\C#R/%K+Z.( 5XS
%C;24;6J0
*@@7E=FA\X$^I3GD@)!':1#-


M%A#7[-?!@O2R8N@W(
.]8-


M3?R.EML



+MJG6Y7\=&?]B@1*C$UQ2AYE%ES:]?)
!+$@\@


1+;=X/3
MBDBL2(

@]C9D$ Q.2.=/#2IS8
J3%_$-MDL^U./P0/7+G4_S=!U8D
M+\@:FB[FZH6H'W6BU<+6[!CGF$V)F;QM+<N'AI'E^]S5@_R(42&
O.% @

M=G ?AL@H$HLT14:Q=6Z
6.33?VUS9%ZJL0:)XA0X]1\_TDT%I2K?O5]_2\KT


]4S^T!HK22Q3G2

!%1B^3& E9# 6KB
J\?EV3:I:2=9M

)0%E/LT2N?

\KR
MK





MVQ^B[!@BVVI&:I@.'SWKW6J_C_+C_;;-QY?[PQ/-E

MW)B3








4:75TB- 5/F;(
MYT!NQNNJ2#):-%ZF0L6Y./6-J4MQ:&SW9Q
):Q'.PTGF#KD
YSD6YLI;(:K'
M9@B/GWB=3E06$*

:PHW
7DV*X720N<--)!!]6=ZKQFZ&8N !_VF K+HTO;/K-
M_#3)4D#!FG_

M]?D/D+?JXP.[]T?(2Y0..-R&4?+.Z&+=)CUX*V6;Y(7H.@%W17DB.XDUMT:'







MAOGU[69'XPI:LM]599737Y(LV5?[S[#Z'F0V67''NLYB5UE\$QT2
#U$&T11
MC6:LC(]+$+@K8JNH.+]4KK&%^U:)+ZD1)@(=TJ L;+FN# L$\]9HRQ?UJP8M


MNUE9S

A[U2NCXVMQ 3B59J'UFZ4CH=W/N54KB
*T4N3UPH3;'./
VFS@#@
MEIG








BI(6 2(P




\83;OHWIGM#J:?^Y.
M:OP+TWNIRY$]99@874W9P!IGNUVU=TUQ8[4)'VJ-T)%$99DGZZH43HR2P:_R



9L1_Y4]_QM7=^PRU0U#^S$PMT
;SSZG(R)&;@KMAF) %
M:DP,LA59TRWCU$6IF)?Z4CX2#K3ZU-/4C2]6%^9;W;OCW':K(X?@KTNNR38B
M=8FN,!5SU25V/)YH9N(F7'WV[:&X 
K$G%N6Q=E'FW&+K9U/C4U^29 ^#
$


MVWY$H6VY1_VAY0=P;(K^ 8)3Z/\V'])W [=;V5*[Y@)9F]DK)5FCH&?$PK

_9HG+-GT$O(/HHI
MQ)M&&:$-Z$I'%C3@M?]U\F!0X!

.)]6O-M(E?
MWK)$FL



1=K89I:U'WMZ85:T0]O98S6_IH1)


TKQ194RX:(5S2HE


M$SNQREPL
K3E4W;'9_C_4KY=F$6Y# SD-NE!W!AL2\]S!R&P1C1CXLA__F5
MQ+T,R:)^

MW.!!X$_=D61D@=L'X+ZQS@PBVRF,X.QXP8ZUOF%4"/-.4O/JU(C8QLFG.
MSM);YJC*/ZY-CM8D!2N
(Z

M'.E-J



+]4

ZF;9FD:\.3P



V*X7U@5XTL W:(-KG28K?73;,ORO222RU@9);!OB+C.R84

\0?A15L6

M[HDSP\+EY=_I94EW#@;OA0'&02^F+
 EBH&* H1S.GB==Z

BPI28N-2S







MGM%Q72N$'FC2P3:X&;-*B_$MV?@-6?^7LB

M+:6;%



MX=@BXS!O*KX/7)0Z






M4^(@O!1Z#VQ*&DO?0%T?F_9+8A=?N**YXWHG2@&MP4..Q7$MA9!JPW=^#5\C

^XP
M%3F*M.$?/W)E8'1L!3WDR GBYPTHC0SF2LJWTN+DQV5$1N(7QD0LI.'
+]QF

B6[:
D&UG/AJ/9





MG/*XB?+\,N_5AU1 =H#+(FU=.2 D(.2 SE(Z$X)



MW?4[YW?7YK1YN


:RG


2P[PD?
0#*SF7



](C05YC&0:WR+(
JVG\21HE%8.W K7
M-!8UC5 U(TA'
*55PO1Y:G&]JR]T^RL\X-*VM*8#+V9KBWA)JW=!JU9QN;I;

M\?6F9S#DF&?%6)Z

;2Y.\:G5!
^^B].'(F*XE1( 5?K
6L(&NM$:$8\5Y:*FF#:8A




_)] T^(7O9((O4MQ!-A'F\@GAT
+X9P7<@6(%@[1-C!W? H!*D!C\H3PL)4^1C.[O^:/.W*^^VO!;TJ

=(9ZYE/1C)*G
P
M8BLK
W99Y]*9
FRZGSLZI_JJ1 9%?9=^:)LJ)(;CHQU38
X&L+7Y^]SU#7?[

M#OZ2Z!&.'ZD1)&]J%-\NKW4H?DH'6X :SM.R; N5.J^H


MP-UUI$M#[!:0#!+D





M8


T_OWT5Y(LYX
MT


M]9'LHS]@I3WED5B+C%19 X;C'V5U+JIH[)%D!1\ZW/I3$5JF/7G&:Z^K^B'Z
M11\GEMWTJZ@5-SRDZ\76*T(CP1HL
UL4.-Z)ND(TL@_Z


M-JQK)2*30TZ])FKVAB.'R2Q_F2[3_(K3-P[M?GNU*3W;?9]I$-CNM:H@ P
MZ.(SF0KIA)OG

MJ*YEK0%+6KAA=]0YYC)-C@6\R[K*XMKY=-6ZVM3[R)L

63!&DWRLR./TT




ME'14D):

&<C@JA:?!9UN&/T1.^W_#F$/S[NHGPX)4KG0US6H ( /ZE!*I@@


M-8

MZJHH^'3''Z




2O.'*
M7+@.T0K%

M8I;G7)RA\(E)&5+X IL!
SZR:WD:#:@)*E8JK&8(_H40L6MM$9O\PDC$!D?V


!9
Q<^#HB^@:&^<#^JN*<0X9
M5\?''^L#[T&^P.1@
E5*1O?B0(3)8/F;-RN69$/F0C$N([2^=MNAU3JUQ 2
MFP_I __+?_M?[]_]SW^0L!

Q1NVL9?1+L3

MTI
$0O=;86)

I6__H#D+JE1  +X 4@A(B]NVP9


M-WD19G&8X@S]X]L
?_N__N?_^__\U_\7!!]0ADA8H/B;U\TW+XLRBQ&YP4OT





W^
C;[XXX71%$OU94@SS0'[;M&2_#<5U3
MA[X6B[Q[43L$QQ] 8;1E.^6Y YBOXVQ^OO8I10BM[]QOX0L#\$W[_;3NO_





M8NS



M


;!#)
@#P\3#-7 Q*








*F

MC





I#
MA+



MHXI[9N'DR!;)G* ^OO:8&M';U;#5TVMD)54;E?HZ4U:M'V*9TV ZF\1XQ2PR

MLH+T(#C&4-VK-_8 ?K-IRI:?TZT7E%RA=P4JY=
;X
AQ3H2VJ8+N;S42&9HS



K^O\?[MC


?+8:PA


M^&]
]@N?
P?\1D
1^359EDONPF_\]X%(2S(Q:4W_/@QIK*K3=/9F[KA+4]IV
M&)*?PFR..(OP[-\&)(D[O0W_ZC-:?$:+#JM7)=5**4U

M1:6^)K(Q

M2UP3+G M\$AB)8_6V
&P



F5T


M3F.IW=5X)7'2

:^K82N%$$2S]@WAYAO?EZ5*_*7YJ&@&3KCRKVLB9HHA
&5
MTU
3&DBL
ABBL10=


X^[O$ZW$X3C%L-:#@C+#H'/
MO/IH!HIZ4.$8;Q!Z1FM*5A:)3R%)Z^')KRN5[Z63JS!E5#TO$&(7\B2.$X9T
MF!Z67'ZU49HDP;DU[


S[


W*JM'0($#N5=24'R28U?*ND(4ARN;2PLA7KB4*^E)0\3?6IZ&Y

MNPV 


J85\=:O8%;K:V=*U+T$#&WH6FBQ0\/YH:T!K1:Z&0)1N/7*EUQ$V#.ON
M]17Q=I5+7KT$]/%:NM?2O9;NM72OI?=;M)TO4V$5$<85/ #%_252JO&]C*
M4+C+70%F
FNHMX9Z:VB_
MVCQ?!,2JTI8KF CO5*QV@;FB=S^)9=$7#&'RM:'7']U!0E M0V)BND*$N)S

^UIC&
@-X!
FG$%POY'[P1QAPZ0[[^0M3J%G
M2=C61
: Z'G0LU0!^5NB1AQ

@
ML;:

M:^RX]'5(B2V9[CLF-92[L2\E;5D HL2[[\?MSI4]VIK
WI7=Z
INX[HSXMO^





L7&ES(:PAT%_[K%8!\EXY;7WB;L^)$!$
M


M3L5!*V!0?G
3E

M!!4)J7]:I6&F7*1(

2P.1M20GS&Q@E9%U.NR
)(/4?8
!EP^(BRO$ZPG18+




M!;]91WHIH4LUE-

:R@VE7 SR6(6

8T=#/CM!#))CSU_51$.


ZSE

27/B*R3'&$D3-!B4T

<
M?6X6UP0MC(2G



M9V ZVZ8S3++X;22_*'A*M7.W%(.+]H!Z=%-3:1=^^1&OA6%GHH:=4/) V43W
MRU68D

M







M\EI6





5@G
::+#<&8 O8:GIV[


M0B1RJZ3U2




M?


$8.25DM_;CPW%S2OH669WAD#@E9[?SB\)!<TKF;N?;

MMM
HC7#N9IT


@CQ

M*TPI^4!PN;I^:UP2%-:$];**'7&Y36@_PRPQ#R%=.VSI?
)%LR]

M+0UO2

MH7
&


MA(PUK%D13I$W*=I@4H3

J01%?N7($5AKEW4D]-]6*5:2(37I@?4IA]0GB/TP&;C(0E?DY1^9+L5
M-D(Y5;=[)U0?MNU=23^&/B99LBR7%1V/X:8ZV^XPV48S9//JA9954H1IU20'

M



1@ME0-7%H\*9&T%:??M79TJ8&X+']F&P7

M21Z%Z7^CD*C-,CG+0#X0/1])F10[]VHQN%)\_+Y:HZT3[GRL^4@WH;]8TL
M0BH

P_-=

/K!;




V:$GZOD
MSB*@WZ((1ZRR?#;7-2- !AO8C  GR9L1K# C08,:$: S[T9'?CIFYZ0#RA


(JJM'UU9:W-\(.I;^V)] K=@ K=87_]




M'8;D)U9 G+






P$


MC^[#K_M?&(V^9SQY[K M2
 RN% 8P=C(

F$[0HV

NG!I0''O9= 4WR_




[U:3,]\\526N3E5/KQ954
MN&ZM61PFA'U
SD6]&O8W]E68



M&EA1X@&N:S]Q91KDH;PF-%I7(NF'7^1@UXHK$



N
']1
M-R#H K



M0K&=%@M$]B?

M$E:12ES! _#.I42P=
O:+DJKG 6VK7


'FY7(9D$^ 9)X:D!FJ!Z 45IGL(=
-E-#]G
M-IRF%=$^W.:$K#[#;6XCG.%E$MV@-4IQ57N7V9D%
0.@'IW0]HRBDAYWC_20

)0+?@]88!LH_\PD3SBXW_ LL3=HB\TU
M7JYPQHYID9M%V-9$75YZI60HO@U)1B'-A5

%A)(A@[-LJ*$M;7
M2



M:)ZQL@D4GOZXXRN^L]9A A3((K--'NABR;-U(
[][QPOF#E7C(\B2[83G\


M?L=N2V]@/@%L'D=S%:^9JN&22\HW@LO+!*^.G&FL\9_YW&H,Y9)YN'2'].

M3I_0E__&Y




:9VLZ



?J



M8\YU*6(B/+W:*L*:WQ?J9.2.N?V$Z::O/O!V/0F6(ZS+!699O(6CGJY/.+M!

M7-_G.=4
;DKKLY*Z7HDFH4C #ZTQ7.RISM]F9J54;HF/K?
;OMGUA=ZB/;

MEOQ5(GK=13A%2[6[6X!@]+4&$ /]BHU]3VSD7Q.R@SI_W
+SZHO*'8RR)V


267_B&NK3;-2I];9'O;J.W(;C_X?


M!)K^RAQ8N&\/F(NCC/LK;S .4!JCF%TYM_P3C5W8WJ2^+5?.9_\^HZ][J%.(




7Y3TJOMNF1/):7L3H-S#!O.AA-463-L?(F@FT%-+HEIL4$A:(2

M

MB=QF/VWIWE)'I64.?Z^1I]M\@[4D?K)O /5.U] ]4[4#O7G;3NK ORHVI*

M7;UH5OE?PJAXH30T@J[2Q20C]UE.94D&\U.2BU[;AG09GI'3 _U )8\/00^3



MH

M




-'K35;4R'2
M/M8011W&IUFS$X$D5&]=04KN E33DEWQG.NL(((Z H\6LNFV2#AB2*9[*B

]N;!II.J1DH_3_3N[B+9E-^?
ML 4'\G&C;:!6Y@O






M9( 4

 M1JZXN97!D9OV7'%O:UQ1(-N'
MDTN'?R:KV@V=7#Z *\O]




MW()I]MI E%Q77#6:.TG-/N$X6!RO*-P*Y@H^WN_G_7YZ?C]MBY$9U\VO05Z^
MYNBODOW$:A

!PUJ
M1JQ7(,U+[[9*[Y,TQ5_8--YA<H/+UV)6II,HJA)(GE$DG65B542-KD<H4AK
T EKRE7;VX;8<< 9DJ+V-[&=O+V-YDSA&N6]S&9I)

SI. =_E3RK(TBV_

MAN(CC?1V.U5W95$2M'L/X$T1@T]TBNZ2GI(_XWYG3-#L?MA
_#&NULM;[A




(\Q
WGJ=#&D[8
^ULW*5


: _XW8V0U&QKW;V

[TX)MM9)2MGG36(E_I9%-&J0AY-<;]CZ[V8IXM-$DSU&1_QZF

6T'HR)R$O^[K)\R



M_T#D#!L0

-)X5
M\ [#

5+GYM#+.H9V





M?)0C


MN_5MV#T:9@PLXY)TP?)NF!&P7+E..^#Y






M?\[9
^JT&_WX F4Y%0=WCZI35%4B^-L
/UC


4ORE*RO1V7A6F(4X5'D[D*UV
MH*

MGY^RII# ?6W CCD8 'N98=?,6

*A1P*B4;3'\@




$+)B320

MMF]S\_@#=S3+U$
RHWI


M1N_U(B1S[EQIC.CPU6CPYF ?L=B2NAX-PNSL1]]T1LN5JE%2%ANL/P/IMA
MLJR]=I()4.OM=%@[?P7Z&'8?P^YCV'T


A3&BC%C8)25:S&YN82U[0I@

FC0 
&(8B V$O'

VZ&F'P[G
MROYM9;4$QT@Z)JRT@.



P6.#299$:7^)!4;]YQFCK4SEA5E]M_4();7%G3&!-\*


)L


 98 C:G]D&

M
6]:3-6L7)]74M'IV@FUE9EA*Y36)D2&&%7Q:B&!Q2F]X+=X
6
C(R_?2A!O



@YS(9V=RCM3#5M'D[2BC/[Z
M@A]#*BS+  F)C^CJ15()UHZ_;Y*;N!ZPH5XP?7&V(;CY2^UDMG'S-Y.:IQ






M]S_IU-981/S1?


IFV?II7;9H;ET[[
M 0W7OCW:X2F=NRKAM1*RSL\]Q5Y6L=-XORCW
\S2VT.Z65;\B)@ #F%4?33#


MV'3$=N.@0?:;*2:?*VDC(J2)+3)]2(D\]8\-HT9O.N4PX\XIA_!=V'$SI]-
MHW\,T+)?[WU_1RC,F=_W$7ZIOGV#GIZM*%N=&W%=QAJMJUQF(9V-QJ^@*@\






MG3X:
#O
KH6Q8_TU$KR'),-
MX^^=@!!(ATXH8_+*5[1<%5<XBP4$=IU0P?=P0\XS$0D-#;I-^M?]]R!Y?2W
M.]6&C?3-T'1V39=D4@A3+?D-#1!-
62+YH9R.WH8E90B6QT?R69LF6%^5N



*N6

^\Y$\H+U,6^<5QAY)@LDCHO_+VC[N=JH:MTI#&ZV-S&'@


_M:QZ^7

@+EKZF0#

M\/97);::NQM]L^N


MEN




5

M%ALY]8W=+&%)\@0%MZ$-1$M
;/(.1IGHT-C6T:CC@4/^ DEG YM]:J4R6C6:
MY.!OQX#'&.6K

VN<-G:P%J[6]?3+UY2130UW&-3%9:3D.==*[G574HKU%I!Z
M=(4K#V.UW7ZSG]7UIM_6\U7?U!,N@2$O+LB)C5(TPT I-=.4' &
'S[UPY




%$]QM6Q39[PC:B@IU:MQQEFB


M( 1(Y'7% *FX=-H\8^**15(-






.I+JBI&X
M
)Q)2))?-AW[3IU)6(*LJ(X

M%Z3K-KYA=S*76J\J!:R&B36

MQ


4\J=F\EEQ!8'0POMT0J6\(
MC?&LAT!YDRB-:
]VJ5

M+IBMZK$M/4DG]O:!/F0CUKLK3H[CRL: ZQ;]J8%&7V!D0IR0TMC1+.ZAA0

E@
#
/OTD
 PEL-'SW3=
M0X+#6 !3M




TM(XW







F5S




!!)#2S5HB9D.A5KKH20FKSJ5YSDI2

M#4+VI&





(#




MP!HF69C

M



KNY-;$^854

 LZ_(#I^$*7+(*!.# ?'=0A&SYLZ(0L



MJTH=YB7IUF(#_XP%=AE58KWU94#K2\-&/
S79SI=UV$:L6V99'-ZGCU6IO(D


2A__5Q\I7!

:F)BDS5+U1H



M449JDI64KNWZHS*^\*@ ]S/&4J/
*&QCC-3]GI]$1;).BH3S:J1J-X/^TJLR



MC@LSRZ8/*SLARTS95E.+ !CI9':-#AK



MYUF6.A$&664#%XW$7YBN0F^0:WK

M6

M;6.

O5.L\MQFBGN+MSFR'$%
[FM6^?


MR

M

P6I(\)5G8'%8NS^X2^'%;7(\$9
M_6.$SNIZG[&F



E0?(4R
+&!F/JC[4DR&/-
MO/8&63BY)4&O?XOZ^+0



O1RYW3/*!X0=S?
M8'!^'@DX(+5
$J3LRKW56D:4V^^=6S_0S06($AS[
NI+BVV%U5@N-5_C0C5E
M7.XO'_N&4L-#$-3;@P)A;SEYG=ARY[0'(3(V9*

M6(MSTJ7VHE*
_P

MH0%GR


@H:E!)U^^SV(J_I



DV6U_UY0
MM

M2M46T

KU!;&%6@S7[&+E!K\76Y-A\
M8^ETM8&QVK!UL*8J
B?N;@.#=V%:EUIMC\=X$=*8^_@G4T,'NAZ887KU9W






33WRN*#:'P?7#'?W&J?W^@W7



M -;.(  2                0    !S96YE82TR,#(P,#,S,2YX;6Q02P$
M% 


C P
S
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4

#(P
#
S


 '-E;F5A
G+3(P,C P,S,Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8 !@0 0  T6X#
end



