

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-16-019657
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		37
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20161223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20161223
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sipup Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				990382107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-185408
		FILM NUMBER:		162068050
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-792-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167









     








Washington
 D.C. 20549






ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended November 30
 2015
or



For the transition period from ____________________to
_________________________



    




    
    
    

    
    
    





    
    
    

    

    
    
identification no.)

    
    
    

 floor
New York
 NY
    
    

    
    
    





Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
 including area code&nbsp;212-792-4000


Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: none


of the Act: Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share


a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;Yes&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;


filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp; &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of&nbsp;&ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    accelerated filer&nbsp; &#9744;
Accelerated
    filer&nbsp;&nbsp; &#9744;

Non-accelerated
filer &#9744;
Smaller
    reporting company&nbsp;&nbsp; &#9746;



is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&#9744;


non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or
the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter is $152
500.


 2016
 Sipup Corporation
had 4
000
000 shares issued and outstanding.






    
    



2015
ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    




    
    







10-K of Sipup Corporation
 a Nevada corporation
 contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements
&rdquo; as defined in the United States
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
 &ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
&ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo;
or &ldquo;continue&rdquo; or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include
without limitation
 statements about our market opportunity
 our strategies
 competition
 expected activities and expenditures
as we pursue our business plan
 and the adequacy of our available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements.
Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment
within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional factors that could materially affect these forward-looking
statements and/or predictions include
 among other things:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    



list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully
and readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management&rsquo;s
beliefs
 estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs
 estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements.
Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
 we do not intend to update any of the
forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results.


to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation
subsequently to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to
reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events.


Form 10-K to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Sipup&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo; are to Sipup
Corporation






on October 31
 2012 under the laws of the State of Nevada for the purpose of producing
 packing and selling flavored yogurts. &nbsp;We
currently have no revenue generating business.


the terms of a proposed transaction whereby the Company would acquire all of the outstanding capital stock of a privately held
company engaged in the business of acquiring and developing commercial real estate property (the &quot;Target Company&quot;) in
exchange for the issuance to the stockholders of the Target Company shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in an amount
 after
giving effect to the transaction
 which would be equal to approximately 60% of the issued and outstanding stock of the Company.
The transaction is expected to be treated as a recapitalization with the Target Company as the accounting acquirer (reverse acquisition).
The proposed transaction is subject to the negotiation
 execution and delivery of definitive agreements as well as the satisfaction
of certain significant additional conditions
 including the remittance by the Target Company up to $1
000
000 to the Company to
be used to pay certain debts of the Company and the Company's legal and accounting fees in connection with negotiating the proposed
transaction
 the definitive documents for the proposed transaction and the preparation and filing of the Company's past due SEC
reports. We are also exploring opportunities in the oil and gas exploration industry
 focusing on acquisition of small &ndash;
mid producing wells in USA and Canada. No assurance can be provided that the Company and Target Company will successfully conclude
the proposed transaction with the Target Company or the other noted opportunity.



    
    





 2012
 the
Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Through fiscal year 2013
 we were engaged in the production
 packing
and selling of flavored yogurts and have not generated any revenue; our independent auditors have issued an opinion about our ability
to continue as a going concern in connection with our audited financial statements for the year ended November 30
 2015. Our accumulated
deficit is $111
841 as of November 30
 2015. We currently have no revenue generating business and are focusing on finalizing the
transaction with the Target Company.


an overview of our operations
 discusses our results of operations
 our plan of operations and our liquidity and capital resources.


75
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $.001 per share. On November 19
 2012
 we issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock
to our sole officer and director on that date. Mr. Naeem purchased such 3
000
000 shares at a purchase price of $0.001 per share
for an aggregate purchase price of $3
000.


 2013
 Mr.
Nissim Barih (&ldquo;Barih&rdquo;) and several other unrelated persons (each a &ldquo;Buyer&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Buyers&rdquo;)
closed on a transaction (the &ldquo;Purchase&rdquo;) in which the Buyers acquired a total of 3
000
000 shares (the &ldquo;Shares&rdquo;)
of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;) of Sipup from Rashid Naeem
 the Company&rsquo;s sole
director and officer (&ldquo;Naeem&rdquo;) immediately prior to the Purchase. The Purchase was consummated pursuant to the Stock
Purchase Agreement by and among the Buyers and Naeem. The aggregate purchase price paid for the Shares was $131
000. The Shares
represented&nbsp;in the aggregate 75% of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock.&nbsp;Barih
one of the Buyers
 holds 2
475
000 of the Shares
 representing approximately 61% of all of our issued and outstanding Common Stock.
The funds used to consummate the Purchase of the Shares were the personal funds of each participating Buyer. Accordingly
 the purchase
of the Shares resulted in a change in control of the Company.


above transaction
 Naeem resigned from all officers&rsquo; positions that he held in the Company
 including President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
 which resignation became effective immediately upon the closing of the Purchase.&nbsp;&nbsp;Contemporaneously
with closing of the Purchase
 Jacob Daddon was appointed as our President and Chief Executive Officer and our sole director. Effective
July 1 2014
 Messrs Rafi Elul and Peretz Winkler were appointed director and chief executive officer and director
 respectively
whereupon Mr. Daddon resigned. Thereafter
 Effective March 17
 2015
 Mr. Elul resigned and effective December 21
 2015
 Mr. Baruch
Yadid was appointed as a director
 Mr. Yochai Ozeri was appointed as Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
and as a director and Mr. Natanael Solomon was appointed VP Marketing and Investor Relations and as a director.




October 31
 2012 in the State of Nevada. We have never declared bankruptcy
 have never been in receivership
 and have never been
involved in any legal action or proceedings. Since incorporation
 we have not made any significant purchase or sale of assets.
&nbsp;.


date of this filing we have had limited operating activities.&nbsp;Our financial statements from inception (October 31
 2012) through
our fiscal year ended November 30
 2015 report no revenues and a net loss of $111
841. Our independent auditor has issued an audit
opinion for our Company which includes a statement expressing substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.


have incurred losses since inception.




insurance. Because we do not have any insurance
 if we are made a party of a legal action
 we may not have sufficient funds to
defend the litigation. If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations.





2016
 we have two employees
 all of whom are officers and work out of Israel. None of our employees are subject to a collective
bargaining agreement.




 floor
 New York
 NY 10005. Our telephone number is 212 792-4000.




comply with all regulations
 rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction which we would conduct
activities in the future. As of now there are no required governments approvals present that we need approval from or any existing
government regulation on our business.


any copyrights
 patents or trademarks. We do not anticipate filing any copyright or trademark applications related to any assets
over the next 12 months.



    
    





as of November 30
 2015. We do not believe that our cash balance is sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations beyond
one year&rsquo;s time.


public accountant has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going
business for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have not generated
revenues and no revenues are anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we will ever
reach that stage.


current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations
 if any
 will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements
for at least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain these
funds by selling additional capital through private equity placements
 debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to
obtain sufficient additional financing
 we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations
 which could harm our
business
 financial condition and operating results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable
terms
 if at all.


 we
have been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock
 it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations.
If we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations
 we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash
 or cease operations entirely


towards concluding the terms of the proposed transaction with the Target Company and finalizing and executing legally binding agreements
with Target Company. If we enter into definitive agreement with the Target Company
 we will be engaged in acquisition
 development
and management of income-producing properties in urban growth markets in Israel. In addition
 if we successfully conclude appropriate
agreement
 we will be engaged in oil and gas exploration focus on acquisition of small &ndash; mid producing wells in USA and Canada.
However
 no assurance can be provided that we will be successful in concluding any of these or other transactions.


capital
 for which we have no commitments
 management may also consider other business opportunities
 including a strategic merger
or acquisition outside our current line of business
 in order to increase shareholder value.




sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in
financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.

Limited operating history; Need for additional
capital


financial information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have
not generated any revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks
inherent in the establishment of a new business enterprise
 including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due
to price and cost increases in services and products.


future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms
 we may be unable
to continue
 develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders.

Item
1A. Risk Factors.


reporting company as defined by rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this
item.

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments.






 floor
 Manhattan
 NY. Our lease expires on February
2017. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for our present needs.



    
    


Item 3. Legal
Proceedings.


to any legal proceedings
 nor is there any known legal proceedings contemplated against the Company.


 officer or
affiliate of the Company and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5.0% of the securities of the Company
 or any
associate of any such director
 officer or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company in reference to pending litigation.

Item 4. Mine
Safety Disclosures.





Item 5. Market
for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

QUOTATION ON THE OTC BULLETIN BOARD AND
OTC MARKETS GROUP INC.


Sheets under the symbol &ldquo;SPUP.&rdquo;


forth
 for the periods indicated
 the high and low closing bid prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices
without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.




    
    
    


 2015
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    


 2014
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    






    
    





10-K&nbsp;the Company had 4
000
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 12 holders of record.




paid dividends on our common stock since our formation
 and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration
or payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then
current financial condition
 results of operations
 capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors.
There are no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends.

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLANS


or stock option plans. We may in the future adopt a stock option plan as our mineral exploration activities progress.



    
    


Item 7. Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



From November 30
 2014 to November 30
 2015


 we incorporated
the Company
 Our loss since inception is $95
710 related primarily to professional fees
 officers'
compensation
 and the incorporation of the Company
 bank charges and office supplies. We have not meaningfully commenced our proposed
business operations and will not do so until after receiving sufficient financing.


 we have
offered and sold (i) 3
000
000 shares of common stock to Rashid Naeem
 our former officer and a director
 at a purchase price of
$0.001 per share
 for aggregate proceeds of $3
000 and we have offered and sold 1
000
000 shares at a purchase price of $0.05 per
share
 for aggregate proceeds of $50
000.




30
 2015 and 2014
 we had no revenues.




113
comprised of Professional fees of $14
500 and filling fees of $1
631 resulting in a net loss of $16
131 as compared to expenses
of $25
907 comprised of officer's compensation of $24
817
 and filling fees of $1
090 resulting in a net loss of $25
907 for the
fiscal year ended November 30
 2014.




 2015
the company had $Nil cash and our liabilities were $46
773
 consisting primarily of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of $39
718
and Loans payable of $7
055. As of November 30
 2014
 the company had $Nil cash and our liabilities were $30
642
 consisting primarily
of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of $26
087 and Loans payable of $4
555. The available capital reserves of the Company
are not sufficient for the Company to remain operational.


stockholder advanced the Company $2
500 and $2
800
 respectively
 to pay expenses.&nbsp;


a &ldquo;going concern&rdquo; opinion
 meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the
next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until after receiving sufficient
financing and implementing our plan of operations. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. The Company
anticipates over the next 12 months the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately $25
000.


further advances and debt instruments
 and anticipated cash flow are expected to be inadequate to fund our operations over the
next twelve months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally
 we have financed operations to
date through the proceeds of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan
 management
anticipates additional increases in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii)
developmental expenses associated with a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. Although we intend to finance these expenses
with further issuances of securities
 and debt issuances
 no assurance can be provided that we will be able to raise funds on commercially
acceptable terms or at all.


current cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations
 if any
 will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements
for at least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain those
funds by selling additional capital through private equity placements
 debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to
obtain sufficient additional financing
 we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations
 which could harm our
business
 financial condition and operating results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable
terms
 if at all.


 we
have been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock
 it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations.
If we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations
 we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash
 or cease operations entirely. Because we have been unable to raise additional cash
 Management may
consider other business opportunities in order to maintain and increase shareholder value.


upon the success of the private offerings of equity or debt securities
 as described herein. Therefore
 the failure thereof would
result in the need to seek capital from other resources such as taking loans
 which would likely not even be possible for the Company.
At such time these funds are required
 management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing. If the Company cannot raise
additional proceeds via a private placement of its equity or debt securities
 or secure a loan
 the Company would be required to
cease business operations. As a result
 investors would lose all of their investment.



    
    







of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America and
are presented in US dollars.




and assumption in preparing these financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Those estimates
and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
 and
the reported revenues and expenses.




income taxes under ASC 740 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo; which codified SFAS 109
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes&rdquo; and FIN
48 &ldquo;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes &ndash; an Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109.&rdquo; Under the asset
and liability method of ASC 740
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which
those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.




Topic 820
 &ldquo;Disclosures About Fair Value of Financial Instruments&rdquo;
 requires the Company to disclose
 when reasonably
attainable
 the fair market values of its assets and liabilities which are deemed to be financial instruments. The Company&rsquo;s
financial instruments consist primarily of cash.




loss per share accordance with FASB ASC 205 &ldquo;Earnings per Share&rdquo;. FASB ASC 205 requires presentation of both basic
and diluted earnings per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is computed by dividing net loss available
to common shareholders (numerator) by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (denominator) during the period. Diluted
EPS gives effect to all potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS excludes all potentially
dilutive shares if their effect is anti-dilutive.




is accounted for at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 718. &nbsp;To date
 the Company has not adopted a stock option plan
and has not granted any stock options.

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.


company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.


for by Item 8 is included following the &ldquo;Index to Financial Statements&rdquo; on page F-1 contained in this annual report
on Form 10-K.

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.





    
    


Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures.


for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting
is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by
 or under
the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:



    
    




    
    




    

 use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.



with the participation of our management
 including our President and principal financial officer
 an evaluation was performed
on the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our President and principle executive officer
 who also acts as our principal financial
officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report
for the purpose of gathering
 analyzing and disclosing of information that the Company is required to disclose in the reports it
files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms.

Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


 2015
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for
effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based
on that evaluation
 they concluded that
 during the period covered by this report
 such internal control over financial reporting
were not effective to detect the inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies
that existed in the design or operation of our internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls
and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.


controls and procedures that the Company&rsquo;s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee due to the lack of a majority of independent
members and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors
 resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment
and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives;
and (3) ineffective controls over period end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses
were identified by our Chief Executive Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of November 30
 2015.


the material weaknesses set forth in items (2) and (3) above did not have an effect on our financial results. However
 management
believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors
results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures which could result
in a material misstatement in our financial statements in future periods.


the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls
 we have initiated or plan to initiate
the following series of measures.


to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise
within the accounting function when funds are available to us. And we plan to appoint one or more outside directors to our board
of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring
of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and assumptions made by management when
funds are available to us.


the appointment of one or more outside directors
 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
 will remedy the
lack of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board.


and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an
ongoing basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements
 as necessary
and as funds allow.


changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2014 which has materially
affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal controls over financial reporting.



    
    



not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide
management report in the Annual Report.







Item 10. Directors
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.


10-K&nbsp;the Directors and Officers currently serving our Company are as follows:


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 Chief Financial Officer

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their respective resignation or removal from office. Thereafter
directors are anticipated to be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders&rsquo; meeting. Officers will hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

Yochai Ozeri
 Age 40


since January 2012
 as the Director of Finance and Treasurer of deltathree. In his current roles at deltathree
 Mr. Ozeri serves
as its principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Prior to assuming the positions of at deltathree
 Mr. Ozeri
served as Controller from August 2009 until January 2012. Founded in 1996
 deltathree
 Inc. is a global provider of Voice over
Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony services
 products
 and solutions for partners
 resellers and direct consumers. Prior to joining
deltathree
 Mr. Ozeri served as a senior auditor at Kost
 Forer
 Gabbay &amp; Kasierer
 a member firm of Ernst &amp; Young International
in its technology practice group. Mr. Ozeri is a Certified Public Accountant.&nbsp;

Netanael Salomon
 Age 28


since November 2014
 as a sales executive in Binary Partners which experts in building traded platform online binary option and
Forex platforms for dealers. Prior to assuming the positions of at Binary Partners
 Mr. Salomon served from July 2013 as Vice President;
sales and marketing in Webresult an internet marketing solutions company. Mr. Salmon has served from March 2012 to July 2013 as
a consultant and manager of &ldquo;call of the shofar&rdquo; Israeli branch
 a non-profit focuses on personal and relational transformation.
From November 2010 to March 2012 as a youth guide in Gush Etzion regional municipality managing employment projects for youth on
summer vacation

Baruch Yadid
 Age 59


Yadid was involved&nbsp;in several real estates and commercial deals in Israel and abroad
 he also played a major role in the successes
of private companies




qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ
independence definition includes a series of objective tests
 such as that the director is not
 and has not been for at least three
years
 one of our employees and that neither the director
 nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business
dealings with us. In addition
 our board of director has not made a subjective determination as to its sole director that no relationships
exist which
 in the opinion of our board of director
 would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director
 though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. &nbsp;Had our board of
director made these determinations
 our board of director would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the director
and us with regard to each director business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.



    
    





audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees
are performed by our current directors. The Board of Director has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit
committee financial expert
 nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees
are not necessary since the Company is an early development stage company
 and to date
 such directors have been performing the
functions of such committees. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors have the authority to determine
issues concerning management compensation
 nominations
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions.




that have occurred in the past 10 years concerning our sole officer and director which involved a criminal conviction
 a criminal
proceeding
 an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one&rsquo;s participation in the securities or banking industries
 or
a finding of securities or commodities law violations.&nbsp;




among the directors and officers of Sipup Corporation.




audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees
are performed by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee
financial expert
 nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees
are not necessary since the Company is an early exploration stage company and has only two directors
 and to date
 such directors
have been performing the functions of such committees. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and
officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation
 nominations
 and audit issues that may affect
management decisions.


among our directors or officers. Other than as described above
 we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of
our executive officers or directors.




a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or
controller
 or persons performing similar functions. The Company has not adopted a code of ethics because it currently has minimal
operations.

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE


Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors
 and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class
of our equity securities
 file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers
 directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on our review
of filings made on the SEC website
 and the fact of us not receiving certain forms or written representations from certain reporting
persons that they have complied with the relevant filing requirements
 we believe that
 during the year ended November 30
 2015
none of our executive officers
 directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.&nbsp;

Item 11. Executive
Compensation.




all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to our Officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal
periods indicated.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



our director serving on our board of director.



    
    





stock options to the executive officer since our inception. Upon the further development of our business
 we will likely grant
options to our sole director and officer consistent with industry standards for businesses similar to ours.




entered into an employment agreement dated February 1
 2016 pursuant to which Mr. Ozeri will be paid a monthly base salary of $2
000
for the first three months. Thereafter
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors or the appropriate committee will consider an increase
in the base amount. Under the agreement
 Mr. Ozeri will be entitled to participate in any future employee stock option plan that
the Company establishes and will be issued non-qualified options for 500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Either
the Company or Mr. Ozeri is entitled to terminate employment upon 60 prior days&rsquo; notice.



Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.



lists
 as of December 23
 2016
 the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person
or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and
director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common
stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo;
concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules
 a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner
of a security if that person has or shares voting power
 which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security
or investment power
 which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and
Exchange Commission rules
 more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities
 and a person may
be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as
noted below
 each person has sole voting and investment power.


below are calculated based on 4
000
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of May 3
 2016. We do not have any
outstanding warrant
 options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock.



    
    
    

    
2
475
000
    


 Interim Chief Executive Officer &amp; Director
    
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;Vice President &amp; Director
    
    


&nbsp;&nbsp;Director
    
    

    
    
    





Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act
 a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who
 directly or indirectly
 through any contract
arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power
 which includes the power to vote
 or to
direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power
 which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain
shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if
 for example
 persons share the power to vote or the
power to dispose of the shares).&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
 shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has
the right to acquire the shares (for example
 upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information
is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person
 the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount
of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights.


on 4
000
000 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding as of the closing of the Purchase.


holder of 10% or more of our voting stock. &nbsp;The business address of Nissim Barih is 41 Shlomo Hamelech Street
 Lod Israel.



    
    


Item 13. Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.


 there are no
contemplated transactions that the Company may enter into with our officers
 directors or affiliates. If any such transactions
are contemplated we will file such disclosure in a timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction
available for the public to view.


written employment agreement or other contracts with our current officers and there is no assurance that the services to be provided
by them will be available for any specific length of time in the future.

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services.




December 21
 2015
&rdquo;) as the independent registered public
accounting firm
 for the Company for the fiscal year ended November 30
 2014. Aggregate fees for professional services rendered
for the Company by Weinstein &amp; Co
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 for the fiscal years ended November 30
2015 and respectively for our former independent auditor during the year ended November 30
 2014 are set forth below:



    
    
    

    
7
500
4
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
500
4
500




    
    





ITEM
15.&nbsp;&nbsp; EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1)
Financial Statements.

The
Consolidated Financial Statements filed as part of this Annual Report are identified in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
on page F-1 hereto.


(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules.


Financial
Statement Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown on
the financial statements or notes thereto.

(a)(3)
Exhibits.

We
hereby file
 as exhibits to this Annual Report
 those exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature
page hereto.



    
    





Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report
on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized
 on 
2016.



    
SIPUP CORPORATION
 INC.

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

December
23
 2016
    
    
(Principal Executive Officer)




of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

 2016

    
    
    
    
    




    
    


SIPUP
CORPORATION
INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS





    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Balance Sheets as of November 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Statement of Operations for the year ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the year ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended November 30
 2015 and 2014
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    


REPORT
OF&nbsp;THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Sipup
Corporation Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Sipup Corporation (hereinafter
 &ldquo;the Company&rdquo;) as of November 30
2015 and 2014
 and the related statements of income
 cash flow and stockholders' equity for the years then ended. These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Sipup
Corporation as of November 30
 2015 and 2014 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the period described above in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the financial statements
 the Company has not established sufficient source of revenue to cover its operating costs.
As of November 30
 2015
 the Company does not have sufficient working capital and cash resources to meet its planned business
objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management&rsquo;s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

/s/
Dov Weinstein &amp; Co. C.P.A. (Isr)

Dov
Weinstein &amp; Co. C.P.A. (Isr)
Jerusalem
Israel
April
20
 2016



    
    


PART
I
FINANCIAL
INFORMATION

Item
1

SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.

($&nbsp;in
dollars



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
39
718
26
087

    
7
055
4
555

    
    
    

    
46
773
30
642

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 4
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at November 31
 2015 and 2014
4
000
4
000

    
61
068
61
068

    
(111
841
(95
710

    
    
    

    
(46
773
(30
642

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.
STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS
($
in dollars
 except share and per share data)



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
500
24
817

    
1
631
1
090

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
131
25
907

    
    
    

    
(16
131
(25
907

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
000
000
4
000
000


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.
STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIENCY
($&nbsp;in
dollars)



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
4
000
000
4
000
61
068
(69
803
(4
735

    
    
    
    
(25
907
(25
907

    
 2013
4
000
000
4
000
61
068
(95
710
(30
642

    
    
    
    
(16
131
(16
131

    
 2014
4
000
000
4
000
61
068
(111
841
(46
773


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


SIPUP
CORPORATION INC.
STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS

($
in dollars)



    
November 30


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(16
131
(25
907

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
631
23
107

    
(2
500
(2
800

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
500
2
800

    
2
500
2
800

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.



    
    


SIPUP
CORPORATION
NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE
1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Sipup
Corporation (the &quot;Company&quot;) is a Nevada Corporation incorporated on October 31
 2012. The Company plans to establish
itself as a properties development business.

Basis
of Presentation

The
Company maintains its accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;). These financial statements are presented in US dollars.

Fiscal
Year End

The
Corporation has adopted a fiscal year end of November 30.

Going
concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at November 30
 2015
 the Company
has an accumulated deficit of $111
841 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends
to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working
capital and other cash requirements for the year ending November 30
 2015.

The
ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing
to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems
 management intends to raise additional
funds through public or private placement offerings.

These
factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The
principal accounting policies are set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
 unless
otherwise stated:

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash
and cash equivalents

Cash
and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at
credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&quot;FDIC&quot;) up to $250
000.

Accounts
Payable and Accrued Expenses

Accounts
payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company
prior to the end of the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect
of the purchase of these goods and services.

Earnings
per Share

The
Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 &quot;Earnings Per Share&quot; ASC 260 requires presentation of
both basic and diluted earnings per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by
dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise
options granted to employees. As November 30
 2015
 the Company had no potentially dilutive shares.



    
    


Income
Taxes

Income
taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; Under the asset and liability method
 deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered
or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or
all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.

Stock
based compensation

The
Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC
718 requires all share-based compensation payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using
an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if
actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.

Equity
instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the
fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument
is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for non-performance.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance
on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes
a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation
techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.

The
following are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value:

-
Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments;
-
Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);
-
Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

During
the year ended November 30
 2015
 the Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No. 2014-10
Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows
the Company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage.

We
do not believe that the adoption of any other recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2015 had a significant impact on our
financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flow.

NOTE
3 &ndash; LOAN FROM STOCKHOLDER



    



    
    
    

    
7
055
4
555


*The
above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand

NOTE
4 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

Common
stock

In
October 2012
 the Company issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock at a price of $ 0.001 per share.

In
April 2013
 pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock at
$0.05 per share.



    
    


In
May 2013
 pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC
 the Company issued 910
000 shares of common stock at $0.05
per share.

NOTE
5 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

a.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Provision for income taxes

No
provision for income taxes was required for the three months ended November 3
2015 and 2014 due to net losses in these periods.

b.
In accordance with ASC 740-10
 the components of deferred income taxes are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
16
776
14
357

    
(16
776
(14
357

    
    
    


The


 2015 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards

As
0
 2015 the Company had approximately $111
841 in tax loss carryforwards
that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
 and expire by the year 2035.

The
Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized
tax benefits. The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after
they are filed

NOTE
6 &ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTION

Parties
are considered to be related if one party has the ability to control or exercise significant influence over the other party in
making financial and operating decisions.

A
related party transaction is considered to be a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties
 regardless of whether
or not a price is charged.

The
stockholders who gave the loan to the company are not considered as a related party because they have less than 10% of the stocks.

NOTE
7 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In
accordance with ASC 855-10
 Company management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that
there are no additional material subsequent events to report.



    
    


EXHIBIT
INDEX





        
        
    
    

    
    
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer)&nbsp;
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer
 and Principal Accounting Officer)
 furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. *

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


        
        
    
    

    
    
    


        
        
    
    

    
    
    


        
        
    
    

    
    
    


        
    


Label Linkbase Document.*&nbsp;


        
    
    

    
    


Presentation Linkbase Document.*



















     


Exhibit
31

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302

I
Yochai Ozeri
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sipup Corporation for the year ended November 30
 2015;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
presented in this report;

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to me by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.
I have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

b)
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
internal control over financial reporting.



Date:
    December 23
 2016
/s/
    Yochai Ozeri

    
Yochai
        Ozeri

Principal
        Executive Officer and
        Principal Financial and Accounting Officer

















     


Exhibit
32

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 906

Pursuant
to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States
Code)
 the undersigned officer of Sipup Corporation
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &quot;Company&quot;)
 does hereby certify
to such officer's knowledge
 that:



    
    
        
the

 2015 (the &quot;Form 10-K&quot;) of the
    Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

    
    
    

    
    
and
    the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
    of operations of the Company




Dated:
    December 23
 2016
/s/
    Yochai Ozeri

    
Yochai
        Ozeri
 Chief Executive Officer
(Principal
        Executive Officer and
        Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)


A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the
Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



















 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2015-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2015-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2015-01-31
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:utr=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/utr









2012-10-31









2013-04-30









2013-05-31









2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30












2013-11-30









2013-12-01


2014-11-30












2013-12-01


2014-11-30









2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30












2014-11-30









2015-05-31









2014-12-01


2015-11-30












2014-12-01


2015-11-30









2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30












2015-11-30









2016-12-23






































































































 2012. The Company plans to establish itself as a properties development business.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company maintains its accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&amp;#8220;U.S. GAAP&amp;#8221;). These financial statements are presented in US dollars.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year End&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Corporation has adopted a fiscal year end of November 30.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Going concern&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at November 30
 2015
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $111
841 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash
 requirements for
 the year ending November 30
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems
 management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;These factors
 among others


 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
 unless otherwise stated:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts or revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior
 to the end of
 the financial year that are unpaid and arise when the Company becomes obliged to make future payments in respect of the purchase of these goods and services.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2015
 the Company had no potentially dilutive shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Under the asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires all share-based compensation payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing:
 0px; white-space: normal;
 widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Equity instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for non-performance.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The following are the hierarchical levels of inputs to measure fair value:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted prices in active markets for similar instruments);&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0pt 0pt 0.5in; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;- Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions in determining the fair value of certain investments).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1;
 font-stretch: normal;
 -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;During the year ended November 30
 2015
 the Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the Company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;We do not believe that the adoption of any other recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2015 had a significant impact on our financial position
 results of operations


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;Loan from related party* in dollars&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;7
055&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4
555&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;*The above loan is unsecured


 the Company issued 3
000
000 shares of common stock at a price of $ 0.001 per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In April 2013
 pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC
 the Company issued 90
000 shares of common stock at $0.05 per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;In May 2013
 pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC
 the Company issued 910


 2015 and 2014 due to net losses in these periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;b&gt;b. In accordance with ASC 740-10
 the components of deferred income taxes are as follows:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;table style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; widows: 1; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=6&gt;As of November 30
&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Net operating losses carryforwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;16
776&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;14
357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 18pt;&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(16
776&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(14
357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 18pt;&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right;&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px;
 color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px;
 letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; background-color: white; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; background-color: white;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company provided a valuation allowance equal to the deferred income tax assets for period ended&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white;&gt;November 3&lt;/font&gt;0
 2015 because it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards&lt;font style=background-color: white;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;As of&amp;#160;&lt;font style=background-color: white;&gt;November 3&lt;/font&gt;0
 2015 the Company had approximately $111
841 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
 and expire by the year 2035.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;The Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS










 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2015


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; Under the asset and liability method


 Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires all share-based compensation payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;Equity instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505


 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques


 2015
 the Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#8220;ASU&amp;#8221;) No. 2014-10
 Development Stage Entities (Topic 915): Elimination of Certain Financial Reporting Requirements. The adoption of this ASU allows the Company to remove the inception to date information and all references to development stage.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0pt 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 36pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; widows: 1; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; font-stretch: normal;&gt;We do not believe that the adoption of any other recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2015 had a significant impact on our financial position
 results of operations


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0pt;&gt;Loan from related party* in dollars&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;7
055&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;4


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom;&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: center; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid; colspan=2&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1191px; text-align: left;&gt;Net operating losses carryforwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 142px; text-align: right;&gt;16
776&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 16px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 141px; text-align: right;&gt;14
357&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 15px; text-align: left;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 18pt;&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(16
776&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;&gt;(14



































xmlns:spup=http://www.sipupcorp.com/20151130
 xmlns=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema
 xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
 xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
 xmlns:xl=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/XLink
 xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
 xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
 xmlns:negated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/negated
 xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2015-01-31
 xmlns:us-gaap-att=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/attributes
 xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
 xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
 xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
 xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2015-01-31
 xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
 xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
 xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
 xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2015-01-31
 xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
 xmlns:ref=http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref
 xmlns:deprecated=http://www.xbrl.org/2009/arcrole/fact-explanatoryFact
 xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
 xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric






































































































































































































































































































































































































 Value



 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 4
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at August 31
 2015 and November 30


 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 4
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at November 31













































 Shares






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2015
Dec. 23
 2016
May 31
 2015


























































  2015












































































500



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



000
000









If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











718


087





055


555





773


642










Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 4
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at November 31
 2015 and 2014

000


000





068


068





841)


710)





773)


642)














Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.


















































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

000
000


000
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
































500


817





631


090












131


907





131)


907)












000
000


000
000







The amount of expense
 provided in the period for filing fees.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Excludes Selling
 General and Administrative Expense.





















































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Balance at Nov. 30
 2013

735)


000


068


803)



Balance
 shares at Nov. 30
 2013



000
000









907)






907)



Balance at Nov. 30
 2014

642)


000


068


710)



Balance
 shares at Nov. 30
 2014



000
000









131)






131)



Balance at Nov. 30
 2015

773)


000


068


841)



Balance
 shares at Nov. 30
 2015



000
000











The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











131)


907)












631


107





500)


800)












500


800





500


800




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







Sipup Corporation (the Company) is a Nevada Corporation incorporated on October 31
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As at November 30
 2015
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of $111
841 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash
 requirements for
 the year ending November 30
The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and development of its business plan. In response to these problems
These factors
 among others
 raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







The principal accounting policies are set out below
 these policies have been consistently applied to the period presented
Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
Accounts payable and accrued expenses are carried at amortized cost and represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Company prior
 to the end of
The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2015
Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; Under the asset and liability method
The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
Equity instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
During the year ended November 30
 2015
 the Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-10
We do not believe that the adoption of any other recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2015 had a significant impact on our financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flow.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







As of November 30
7
4
*The above loan is unsecured
 bears no interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







In October 2012
 the Company issued 3
000
In April 2013
 pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC
 the Company issued 90
In May 2013
 pursuant to the terms of an offering registered with the SEC
 the Company issued 910
000 shares of common stock at $0.05 per share.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015








b. In accordance with ASC 740-10
As of November 30
16
14
(16
(14
0
0
 2015 the Company had approximately $111
841 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable income
The Company did not identify any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. The federal income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after they are filed



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







A related party transaction is considered to be a transfer of resources or obligations between related parties
 regardless of whether or not a price is charged.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







In accordance with ASC 855-10
 Company management reviewed all material events through the date of this report and determined that there are no additional material subsequent events to report.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015












Cash and equivalents include investments with initial maturities of three months or less. The Company maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to $250
000.









The Company computes net loss per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2015
 the Company had no potentially dilutive shares.




Income taxes are accounted for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; Under the asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.




The Company accounts for equity instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
Equity instruments granted to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant disincentive for non-performance.




The Company measures assets and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.




During the year ended November 30
 2015
 the Company has elected to early adopt Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-10
We do not believe that the adoption of any other recently issued accounting pronouncements in 2015 had a significant impact on our financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flow.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







As of November 30
7
4
555



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2015







As of November 30
16
14
(16
(14
357



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











841)


710)













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014













055


555









































The aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due within one year (or one business cycle).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014
May 31
 2013
Apr. 30
 2013
Oct. 31
 2012

















000
000


000
000


000


000


000
000



Common stock
 par value









































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015
Nov. 30
 2014











776


357





776)


357)















 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















841



Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date

  2035



































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2015

















































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( #5.ETD?(\\#P    !





MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+[B,_1!XQD,=V-KNN3T&'#3D1! 1]0J=2.27ZJ7GP


YCU\(-


(HTO?!30+


GK%K9/I'J-TZ]D!9T#;MAU\FOSL-WOF*PKOBIX7=3-OEJ+^[6H^/OL


M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O


1:V[A



MI):0?A#
E*)^*69OMD22LN#L'O#^\W9$9Q%Z3M7N'_2@V6SS3FV/4*.W
BZB

'.-

 )B)@P3!-D:)'P&[*@!F
M2@5V._+-C-T
@S 3*89@RR/?\]A-





AG TP?FB(


MFF61@6*K(I#&=W8X=;*D]@[?6=7

DMTE6
M!DEN)4DA2

]_ =02P,$%
M  @ -4Z7227I,]SL 0  @P4  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
RYX
M;6R-E-N.FS 0AE\%^0%BSME&@-1-5;52*T5;=7OMP!#0VIC:3MB^?7U@*2&H

M6N7(-T! H52F M'#!?9 J2FD

M'I!704W.5#WQX0N



HK$X4(K(IY80VOU
MY
1X1:1J\G
D&D[)T9BJ
D( I%%%BCK


H01%UN=$O+4D=2''_ZH.$PIC:.[]^C
M?S')JV3V1- M*W\71WE9A?,P.-(3N9;RF;5?:9]0$@9]]M_IC99*KDG4& =6
MO



2FY


MJE \AS
_R]S+


M%_4Q

&ULE59=;]L@%/TK
\_A$G!Q
MINR9EX0([Z6I6S[W2R&Z&0!\6Y(&\WO:D5:N[EKL)!#=@\8P3O-*FI010$

OV.DKMGT9:58]!!J*IZ(O\B3./(F=)S?V+['RW$4P
M#XQM7M^$7:B!3C704I,:)5A.TT<H

$%     @ -4Z7




TR (B.
J8((W
L26UEBDR59L
3&*G++?'_!
M8E
E



?=
_9/











M   ( #5.ETG/#FY2M0$  





MIFT3DIF0+(3;F(=-B:+R;]SQ
FL[8BGCGQ5OOO91?
MTYQ=0IP9<IP@R0JR7Q#,!U\R)%L9CLE_]&2;GFX*3
]70O
MOG9)C^+_&S-
MO_Y4X ;DYE
*MNJG M/&2;*DPD''*5YYEV&]2^)[?


$%     @
M-4Z725'_/+&W 0  SP


MDA2$)LEW(AE7N





$96Q'OO'CKO9?RYCHG




2YX;6QU

M*\:3Y#W30O:TS*/O;

'].H' J:$J?'0^R[5QPL#(?1 O?

.?%6^^]EFF2YNP:
MB):8TQS#MS%K!//L:PJ^E^+$_X'S??AA5^$AP@^O%/Z'(-LER)!]HK@\*;$




BYX;6QM4]MN
MVS 
Z8XD+3(HN^LRTRTWLI-)PM<;U2W/X]@31#3C?TS?$LFM8'!RNRCC?P _S/
M[FS18C-+)11H)XPF%NJ<WF^.IUV(CP&_! QN<2:ADHLQ+\'X6N4T8) 0ND#
M \?M@\@92!&7\F3CJG#

M!:9Z;BF9BO\&5Y 8'I1@CM)(%U=2]LX;-;&@%
5?QUWHN _CS78_P=8!Z01(


MYC3&I



N7P ;O^=G
M8[(1S8MM 1QYU:JS.6V=ZP^

M9EK(CA99])U


0B5GQ)=@?*MRF@1!H*!T@4'X
M[0+WH%0@\C)^SYQT21F Z_
;^T.LW==R%A;N43W+RK4YO:&D@EH
RCWB^!7F








M_ BU_H


!!_

M4MPD14U21& Y

MHGAF@F#HG8.S1DW6B

MFTOT8

$%     @ -4Z7



MYLPPY!.:%]L!./*JI+8%[9P;CHS9J@
E[ T.H/U-@T8)YTW3



$96Q'OO'CKO=?RP.]S=@V!

M
.]K9)N6*C!M'9+*AQU'.2-=YW7!QZ?Y!]\'O9OPK2]MN2SC]L;'^#Z
!+
M26[\!'7^?ZV&A
:%XT=_-O.4S8;#8?E ;/W%Y5]02P







)E5P0GX/QJ2YH$A(!94+L)O

MGEM*EN(_PQ64AX=

MQ3AL#A0S?Q1.E+G!B9BY]X



$%     @ -4Z72=@:;6ZX
M 0  U@



@$/T5
MQ 



M $I%(;3Q?]:D2\E(/-]_J/](O6

ME
S-/\()%



M+W-H965T

M:GN7].]K&X


2+^'H#R




MB2)9*OC@B?'?[8FY1.$.Z^X7)FF;;
0!RFZFD(.DX^8:(:)EHCC

M[





%W*C\H4UG\'%


M:GA^'H'V_YO/QHXZ%TB_L=\(OQ:5\(Y
JKMH;LR%
0G*
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(Q+GAM;'U476^;,!3]*\COJP%#,D6
MM#!-F[1)4:=USPY< JK!S'9]^_G#\HH=?L2^UZ?<WR.8YQ-7#S*%D %3ST;


M_*I8-\!)!/+:]U3\/0+C4XXB]-RX[RZM
KA!8P9(6WC
MSZR)EBT-<3U_5O]BL^LL9RJAY.QW5ZLV1Q]14$-#KTS=\^DKS'E2%,SAO\,-
MF(8;)WJ/BC-I?X/J*A7O9Q5MI:=/;NP&.TYNA:0SS4^(9T*\$*+D70*961#
MP





QL3NSH
.EJFP\^-S[8VW92KYW48X=L[+S&)!M(^2[$
NY<)^?*Q0?
MYY<%+\];\0]02P,$%     @ -4Z729SQI?

F3-C#]DHU8MN 0QZXTSH'+?&] ==-D
&T$[C(O.^DBDP.AG43@KI@7.J
M_AZ!R3''$7YW/'=-:YR#%%E/&_@)YE=_4M8B,TO5<1ZDP(IJ'-\%QV.J<-[

M7[NMY4PUW$OVIZM
F^
]1A74=&#F68Y/

M=(AM;TKG]*WP9U:\MMY+$:5)1BZ.:




]A?8LW&!!-K'(:)$ER4X8



7V=$S7P(-K0_N)_+M=-E3X'&8W[%8?J;J'U!+ P04


M=+C@RTWY8HG,#*3:AFD\%'-S_1*\2#2\[397QVWNF\.EL&(CEB62)^SGA?




;Q@J*^7*ZI#+1[G:?36,1@A;*(&VZI%PNP6C&J0P_M=AX$2BN
MV5V6ZA3,T[87O8^B(





MVA%=5!9280'X+KGFRREH@W.4-*F.W;TH$N@:X8:K0$2G(F%AL!)PXQH&9\LL



^;<H/P4#'2&;00''APQ?'N.;AI_O:\N3:LV]E?EG:
M_4 O$!
\@:_
DB #B?#HI%G(-']&\RF




M3\ :XWB#(WQ%(:S8;*7@WF(5&]^!K'I


$[)C

^WTI

4P)Q#P1H
Y8


PF6#


N94\6_88TY)4+3MHZO

F




ME:EP$6BG__!']2)M-@#8A
&.BE-4ZR^I!P:A#.TYJ12QZG!\;]QGYZ\ ?ASE

YV^'\P?W8(7S
-8C7$
@=#X2I5^8&
M;W*:D
$RQ#: U$

DWLWKAR2D)7$J$?
OT2:+!:Z&_:MOH(43/BAB\4HTHA
MOPNAU   1]2'*[09P(1C<%




Z

M2/$4ER$[10-))

J2;0SW)


MK*2 Q/:=%R$/D#S'DAIR!;;PMO4DDP?)')X:#AM_;7C\1%F&
1H.V^8&H2%I



%
@R7'LAPIEUE#@

?(F4&
M)U.)Y2]ZDR*Z^942B#
Y;UK7($/O\69K'O%_I9)U&-281L%B)5&.:$*P(


M
V7)SO-\U8/3')QV$+KL VUYS
^Z = \\-!4=7JV^N^7MI1






MV7U85;[8;A_T4GG:!$M1%J_@.QNS[8FNU$(/
#T8CZDQIH5U)9T%INA+P!B8
MK2W
;E%$;:#_ZOHZ7XI00UM<E0/
MV#6V0V^&H_[=AP&;]/Z[X6GC

9*F=%D_^A3D
MU?VBRE J(6_'+=9A6XVF+
JHR.3JA?G[L':E+ @04Q)A;7+YLD
QBE HB$4F
MKD4I3XA%I6BC+0C25[O]$7;9%

M 5QH[2&TO!3 CNW

UEW=;


AJ]8\MP&\=P&\=P&\=P&\:5M$-5^*%=$5^_\KF?XKF?XK?L

M'%]SL

6QE<RYX
V-FXT5L&]Q6 1AUGHDEPI77].@B:K ).F@M9@S1


C0+GV -I7!.M08E;

^@M]IVOL




M#*]!@%0&*B%5
ZB@[DUR
[%P;
8/8/Z^=B)4(U&K&\
JB7-M'\6^]\23DY#[


D

M-


M*[.5VE82KIQKKZ46
@B.K)-V2GX,,Z^RZ,K,3Y82!LXMC=J8I[/F;('SBR

M@3H+T(2RZT4/B00_PB0W







&ULS9C+;L(P
M$$5_)<JV(L9I2Q\-FVW+5+[ ZX](19^R384_KZ.@4I%J40%2+.)8\_XSK$S
MNHN

/AB'!K

J( ]'!3K#RH').:*4+5RFA
*K%(NQ4BS.6F-QUAJ+L]98G+6^H+/FL=),FK](/JU=[.N3
M_#=@^@U02P$% 
4      U3I=)'R// \     3 @  P
M@ $     7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      U3I=)9O

M;W)E+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( #5.ETF97)PC$ 8  )PG   3










M;6Q02P$% ,4      U3I=)SPYN4K4!  #. P  &               @ %T

M/+&W 0  SP


M970Q
YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 
Y;A[U 0  T@
  !D              ( !







M:&5E='




M


#$U
3$S



50#?0
MACJH[]34.WA[UY.N.
1_

$O')$T
AOL[:J7



1RYR;.!Y'UX!@RN$C.VG;O *;'=F'





M'!(UM]MEDB$WMXL




M;#^CMV!@21Y


M@F7'SXPU8A:&O7)3P+U@3


M*$&I$]2-F
-M 4 &'TO(U%KU5K5JPF8 





YL=Q1RX9#['XTM:PJ#R?4

M^-8XG65NWR\PG3I-I_6C9K/

M?JS





PHSMW(^X%_&R$,:SSN-X&R6I%6-9*9<G $^0

_QFX=J


'JFM?KJ#)W^:; ^

M:_L
F.C9BH$3P/S62:ZJJK9V#.%\NH3!;%^9 4#,!KQ+IWS^?XZX$[72W38
MMAV*\3-AL5(_,'?BXJ!M;$*K*H3UUNH3@L]MSIW@1/K#SZR[I'\@[/^


E+$0(
R#;V'S6BI&G









-?#^HU /FT?75]T6%G)^SS

M7^XB-

B8!8[



M1S0IZ &\QAJC
.%PP&ZH!*SKWN


M_LP_W@H)EW



M5S%'Y]2SGZJU6KE@V:-]6&-F:]B6WQ/ 8A-00WPH(GGPT3TS:G0!VC&, :
M]+YQX2$(@ZS/&RQ_4&H13^#OM1&(']; P3#J0?W0P85VD0^G%0 =C9L)-O
M%*;BM1U:]X OZ#6(^C@#=)#'72

M!(
W


O


M.H$%L13G




=/^J%P*C\**

A +IMB.?QHY$KN*-58:;JOZ6'Y&402XJSR1M;TG24DJRP^W=/J^-




MW

8CJ0(2LBZ\I





NAYT*Z
M423M@17$K@'X8WHJA?#/Y[8NA/\6XRS.2HL.

HUI
MC.V*0NH(!#9F4=2HQRNLZZRMR^/6'VO6F:EA#3/8](LQ6]3E__(B+RBP!^

;PU%._PRC)
8.F


MW  YADH3PXLG_CWGZF[(HQ=#Z%I'

[
JZ

W!@)R2GST8U'#I]8&=#N$XRK
M!+6/TS$

!2Q87M#%



X,T&!5^EREI-  Q/&H3APWBZN.*@,Y=/0IX%@$D\G$J:8:A]7+!Z
M?5@]GTU.S<#7^/@H.T-?5VDM[,)Z4W6T!+!;?+.X8ZTTS-\+WPE12SK:P
M(=JJMLI



M!:*LABZ


I=F+##OP.
MO8\L&0I
U)TR& W64-.:8<))5'M:%3?T-O \P+RE9FX?I'DCY0E+Z6Q5N$7=
MJH?JURAS$;:'!PG_NR0VP-/@&6(68TD'5  &5
JYX'@TI(V; ;8[2ZF-2MT


%6X0?J?

M8%L7&DI3Q+)SZ7L^)JTMW)

0AC;+A/BJ=A#K U=9+L7^8DGR

M?3GN7&ROIOS:


9BX*)$K_E32_#;B@+


CL




MZMG !7T&V


MCB$@SS80EHO$V2ACKO\@LE2-0DIM G91H.\5^IB?!

MSX_%VURHL@BU=@R4)G_A19&Q# 45742A
#NO.23/<K-*U-$I?!58J
MK*XNFY D[!=3Q24G04F.-QB^T#E'BBVS1,UD2(^OXC/+^+SUP5\?E%?/Z3
7-WME$$O#P]F3\=<#B4/7V&:H/%<& L'0LSPTL8UP# \P]U-J!./;*;8.&3
MB#EG)3IY%^MQVZ(D]U23!Y/GZ(3_[CW[[OFW6#*54[8<75YVHL JU2#M<19$
M_3XFH%%A/E$HL!HI31&MDFF;9&'X?\RY2+'_BY\EX4A\@%NAH=D\_\Y6(Q9

F1J-(QQ2#506_/X]Y=!#\I:8
%_$
M&3K['&QJRL:?J$TPATAZ05PP/:DI*U$YZ?T/MTDSX7=6DA=4<XONQ669W4#W
MT'P*Q5W@C$GJFJ\U0<8\4/55U^XW-F
!C







M+5?5@!(G*A_K(NO2CVY4^@


_Z'=@Y.'Y02)B7MN
MKUX$IJ;#VO/6=,YXP<RIB9U3)?EC]?MT
&?26L=RJ0PH H]V&%M.\20K;B0%RRSB[!CZB)5\B <
M^(&Q3
]FPEZ$E/ R-@:Y1<N8/<NUJ/PKQKQ)#N9:!58U'-P;L@P:A*,3$K$2H4



 X2O608R3*I+U&0=J);(N\

X(_0)-5CCB)I#ZP@


I)*-492I
MRI..0,61+A/W);1QJ7+@H(XP!B/SAC,OHAM@1K)UG7T]@%.CR PO*BQ[_18
M+XH&W3B[A(%4RK 58(\=O4^-DXPRLE_K7S5KLM&?HBW7&!3$D+%F&?[*.A

MD

[OZ
7FNXE6Z!POT/=J9RNRB;4::OG



MHV





C%5E:)*





MI*ZNQQ1846VGYK6]\O[^WBH +*D!KT=K7E'#55-OEANM_54 V-0N-0IMSR?V

M(6=S\FD^6)-$CD)J1JJ4J0D_=9\\PGSGL-O*D@
\ -F6 C[3&T&_IB^J/LW7
M


NT0^$H8UK7_E1A$FD

.!Q/G^5:L%^J%K]3CL?OC/-_UB=PK4MLSV:TD[;@Y_

=2;:=J@+?$=!OSIMOX
MD=-M+#7=N+





\+4




MEX$ED%XW



M1
F

M[QG;*V+DW?AN3H0QF$_=&IF;Y0]K+!=@Q

M)=:37U;=&ZQ2@6Y&U^DDC(B)1P_+KDP/)]*<0L!RW'
MNG/QASZA4!DE7((2^))ITXFP^LS!Q6C4O66=/4O*0SJ;8;&$A8=.&-RU(PSG



UZO&33)




MF-== UG[*;QN.($M18)64: $ HB$X68L\SKD QJPV]X9%1TP#1WWR+\W67




+\V5
MUY]'4@DS+?6E3I\

M1WG\:'!Q*O*Z*T:31+]@L&-EFJ4BW]2W#]OYL
3D&]AX)SM!'?%85ST^2*

@7W
UDHZRL%P1DI.LY7B&(_!FQO
=+K0G(
MAQY0%M]0/()8E'U1N=0/)2X2'OTL1;L5.J
E^\_!4-G^+8EY!0K:O3_)G\DX



OYG/_CQ.^/AI%9#6 KC C-Y9G:NV
MU0+J



MPQ
T!1)/^E)HY50


%UDWGJ!!TPL7U7BZ<+97Y[H3G23+W
MZYP150]Q_U^$Y=JP (J,JUZR?18$C,9(_D$D @/<O&FMBW5WJ;?7;!YX$\6C
MYWEX@^(186]$^RC$4D/:+?Z[/Z$EYWX2^M)A?1


T61
MI_+UCKHF%(0Y^W6A8




C Q-3$Q
S!?9&5F+GAM;-V876_:
M


_/

M!G)AK:@T9? S-+PXM@C&=4
M'9!M._:!2'F


WO
M&5%/US F(='[[)/K;%9J71 4


M\89:/]U$


F7W1?\^=4PNTVK(-/AU'GZ)S\[8VI=U0

MP0B;R)TR%3L$G]^1/N4EI

MY.U




MX_VU@$F





M8?-G$Q




M;@;QN'0A@W_X[M:+8/ R=%P42!DP#J&^7:$B!HYLI0
!&VF$Y1(^AXI-H3Q5








M+!UN&?$F@QC&B-'S!GDATK\7VTJA5Y8A5_GSMB'7C(QOJ:*35X9^TNMA17


N?\;:O&&); B]779\






*1%BT-4&@(*U;Y(K]M;EB#*2T]V!C#'*#JM-?EDQ?NS/@



ME
8@+U4+FK']&V1$4BYM$3$R9JM$-GL1
I3<(DCT_=M568H(B]=AC[H7*VER/6[6#S6/+BA;\'\3NE




)N1
M 9ASD5:F*B@^;&)




-M&NBAR5GSTHY=)YF[T_BQE]#




$3Q295


MQDO1_N&\!F\BVU^)NOU!4/-K(0P(*K)VMQL2#4H4N&L.RA26H46LBSCH8U
M@VX1Z%N&MC3W


MQ]N^P_T1'&T[#M: YCV-(=




9^?3V;C ;3.:]^6@Z













=V?6
M4UZ 
C


?#25O;&Q2'R4BU7


M=6Z37]!:


M-U*9ZI?E]=CKJ.8;WHSZ.%3!L[5[:Y*!J%3OE1#KK-8KPU)6JW8
R$@0#P5L

M5EO$KJI*#QYA7][?8D=?JC7B7E]7KH3WPJDA9*J+6+)7O;@G4,*RF,:@U);
M16B[_GA!C&U##IP9X=0/TE[=BZC;G)-\42

8=




M!_PW_@\YDXN_^']02P


M+3(P
34Q
3


$

M7P_G0;#\TNL]/S\?OTR8=TS9K/?NY.2TMQYX&(_\\L+)SNCGT_78?N^_WVX?





HZULG5O+CVT^L##)+&U%=F[$?KS C^C%0F]IFHI??X\]X66N

M%/6YDBU3.:2U
_.(7X+0(MI7S_ Z6YZMS JFL6(R[]#J
19_D8]G\HODD?5
M'EG['R
K\<-
'A#-Q9FV'*M[U(WR+$X@+*C
M=8J^(;X?:8\4ARG*!OB]0Z7D^V&KBF9BI4:EY/IEK)&7H,LG]:W$I0K%++


ME%
$^X@[W\8

%R@C
W[\

M. \Q4RA%2S
^:Z5JC$EOH

MQ1G0D2X.\.[QDC)9GY!M!




P=
S0*

!?H^3 
9&.J]%7]

90DMI+Q]Z

M2LDVA!I 




MS'5)S/T($??&OT1+$J\S%D!!52!K(IN-5#JVF*?,)M0,%^]EYW/G:O$//%
#+A09Z5CM2=#5?&J*#<?16V[
M+F@51295,B@@%4'7R6R5D-4-P-5- . _.3NU?1_DI4U![9O$

MLRAU;1;KJJC;G:(T!%A3; P;-V5*%N=A




M!T$W8OYA

=


M)1
Z1A3MQ(4:

-21Q;\(WXTRA
V@R&
5P=J GKUPL [QX

M2M.UI5A

MUO4:LH=6)DC-L76@+G&'@I#AX?0BY


[/62Q
UXE_SA!YF@
M2#6H-.U*

M(H5Y*32?)SM7LI@%VK-




EG58
M7NU5QR:/-


XFA\RNVO15FB-J=BTP5CF'<I1/EX[2EQ#H7K)US
MCJ
?X$B=UB
9VWJ3Q8S0+E:JZ%P!:[N=SZRE?B!?X?0:=\P.=M8KLI)F:I!V




M@]HPDXCB_VS?5)P



M=7 M
C Q-3$Q

M             ( !WS
  '-P=7 M
C Q-3$Q
S!?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( #5.ETE%RI=)/@

M
34Q
3


