

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-21-025233
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210510
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210510
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sipup Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001563227
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DAIRY PRODUCTS [2020]
		IRS NUMBER:				990382107
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-185408
		FILM NUMBER:		21905110
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-792-4000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		245 PARK AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10167

















Washington
 D.C. 20549




ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended November 30
 2019
or



For the transition period from ____________________to
_________________________


  
    



  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    



  
    
    
    
  
    
incorporation or organization)
    
    
identification no.)
  
    
    
    
  
3 Kiryat Hamada
 3rd floor
 Jerusalem
 Israel
    
    
  
    
    
    



  
Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
 including area code&nbsp;1-305-999-5232



of the Act:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



of the Act: Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share


well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;Yes &#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days.&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;


delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be
contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in
Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp; 


is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large
accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    



 indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9744;


common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity
 as of May 31
 2019 was $457
500.


 Sipup Corporation had 24
044
000
shares issued and outstanding.






    
    










    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    

    
    

Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

    
    

Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    



    
    







10-K of Sipup Corporation
 a Nevada corporation
 contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements
&rdquo; as defined in the United States Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as &ldquo;may&rdquo;
&ldquo;will&rdquo;
 &ldquo;should&rdquo;
 &ldquo;could&rdquo;
 &ldquo;expects&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plans&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intends&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates&rdquo;
&ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimates&rdquo;
 &ldquo;predicts&rdquo;
 &ldquo;potential&rdquo; or &ldquo;continue&rdquo; or the negative
of such terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include
 without limitation
 statements about our market
opportunity
 our strategies
 competition
 expected activities and expenditures as we pursue our business plan
 and the adequacy of our
available cash resources. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot
guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements. Actual results may differ materially from the predictions discussed
in these forward-looking statements. The economic environment within which we operate could materially affect our actual results. Additional
factors that could materially affect these forward-looking statements and/or predictions include
 among other things:


  
    
    
    



  
    
    
    



  
    
    
    



  
    
    
    



list of the factors that may affect any of our forward-looking statements. These and other factors should be considered carefully and
readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are made based on management&rsquo;s
beliefs
 estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements
if these beliefs
 estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in
the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance or achievements. Except
as required by applicable law
 including the securities laws of the United States
 we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking
statements to conform these statements to actual results.


place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date made. We disclaim any obligation subsequently
to revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence
of anticipated or unanticipated events.


10-K to the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;
 &ldquo;Sipup&rdquo;
 &ldquo;we&rdquo;
 &ldquo;us
&rdquo; or &ldquo;our&rdquo; are to Sipup Corporation







 2019
 the Company
completed the acquisition of Enlightened Capital Ltd.
 an Israeli company with offices at Bnei-Brak
 Israel (&ldquo;Enlightened&rdquo;)
whereby Enlightened became a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As consideration
 the Company issued to Enlightened&rsquo;s
shareholders 18
000
000 common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share.


 in
the field of green energy and is licensed to internationally trade in Certified Emission Reductions
 also known as carbon credits (&ldquo;CERs&rdquo;)
as issued by the UN until 2040 The Company
 collectively with Enlightened are hereunder referred to as the &ldquo;Group&rdquo;.



    
    



accounted for as a reverse asset acquisition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
(&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;). Under this method of accounting
 Enlightened was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes.
This determination was primarily based on the facts that
 immediately following the Merger: (i) Enlightened&rsquo;s stockholders owned
a substantial majority of the voting rights in the combined company. As a result of the Recapitalization Transaction
 the shareholders
of Enlightened received the largest ownership interest in the Company
 and Enlightened was determined to be the &ldquo;accounting acquirer&rdquo;
in the Recapitalization Transaction. As a result
 the historical financial statements of the Company were replaced with the historical
financial statements of Enlightened. The number of shares prior to the reverse capitalization have been retroactively adjusted based on
the equivalent number of shares received by the accounting acquirer in the Recapitalization Transaction.


 2021
 the Company
entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement with VeganNation Services Ltd.
 a company formed under the laws of the State of Israel (&ldquo;VeganNation&rdquo;)
and the shareholders of VeganNation pursuant to which VeganNation would become a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the shareholders
of VeganNation would receive an aggregate of 23
562
240 shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction is subject to customary
closing conditions.


 a leading
global plant-based company building an all-encompassing conscious consumer ecosystem
 connecting and empowering plant-based and sustainable
businesses and individuals. Management of the Company believes that the growth of sustainable and plant-based consumer goods presents
a unique opportunity to participate in the fastest growing lifestyle globally.


transaction
 the VeganNation stockholders are expected to receive comon stock of Sipup that will be equal to approximately 50% of the
issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the closing of the proposed merger
 on a fully diluted basis. Following the closing
of the proposed merger
 VeganNation will effect a change in the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors and management.&nbsp;


 VeganNation
has
 on November 26
 2020
 entered into a non-binding Letter of Intent (the &ldquo;LOI&rdquo;) to acquire a vegan industry company located
in the United States (the &ldquo;Target&rdquo;) for a $4 million acquisition. VeganNation has assigned the LOI to the Company. As the
Company has previously disclosed in its Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26
 2021
 the Company and Target have terminated
all discussions relating to the acquisition of the Target


in consideration of the advance of $50
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties
 the Company issued
to Adi Zim and Rosario Capital Ltd. its unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000 (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;)
which note shall be convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a rate equal to $0.1 per share
 and upon (and subject
to) the conversion of the Note as therein provided
 the shares of Company stock issuable upon such conversion shall be validly issues
fully paid and non-assessable




 2012
 the Company
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada. Through fiscal year 2013
 we were engaged in the production
 packing and selling
of flavored yogurts and have not generated any revenue; our independent auditors have issued an opinion about our ability to continue
as a going concern in connection with our audited financial statements for the year ended November 30
 2019. Our accumulated deficit is
$211
894 as of November 30
 2019. We currently have no revenue generating business and are focusing on finalizing the transactions discussed
above.


issued Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Adi&rdquo;) 644
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in consideration for remittance
of $100
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties&nbsp;



 the Company
and Rosario Capital Ltd. (&ldquo;Rosario&rdquo;) have entered into additional service agreement
 pursuant to which Rosario is providing
to the Company certain financial advisory and other services. In consideration of any and all Rosario&rsquo;s Services
 the Company has
issued to Rosario 900
000 restricted shares of common stock. The service agreement will be terminated on December 31
 2020. The fair
value of the restricted shares as of the date of issuance was $144
000 using the share price on the day of issuance.



    
    





Because we do not have any insurance
 if we are made a party of a legal action
 we may not have sufficient funds to defend the litigation.
If that occurs a judgment could be rendered against us that could cause us to cease operations.




 2021
 we have
two employees
 all of whom are officers. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement.




offices are located at 3 Kiryat Hamada
 3rd floor
 Jerusalem
 Israel. Our telephone number is 1-305-999-5232.




with all regulations
 rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities
in the future. As of now there are no required governments approvals present that we need approval from or any existing government regulation
on our business.


any copyrights
 patents or trademarks. We do not anticipate filing any copyright or trademark applications related to any assets over
the next 12 months.




of November 30
 2019. We do not believe that our cash balance is sufficient to fund our limited levels of operations beyond one year&rsquo;s
time.


public accountant has issued a going concern opinion. This means that there is substantial doubt that we can continue as an on-going business
for the next twelve months unless we obtain additional capital to pay our bills. This is because we have not generated revenues and no
revenues are anticipated until we complete our initial business development. There is no assurance we will ever reach that stage.


cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations
 if any
 will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at
least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain these funds by selling
additional capital through private equity placements
 debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional
financing
 we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations
 which could harm our business
 financial condition and operating
results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable terms
 if at all.


 we have
been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock
 it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations. If
we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations
 we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash
 or cease operations entirely


capital
 for which we have no commitments
 management may also consider other business opportunities
 including a strategic merger or
acquisition outside our current line of business
 in order to increase shareholder value.


    
    





arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.

Limited operating history; Need for additional
capital


information about us upon which to base an evaluation of our performance. We are in start-up stage operations and have not generated any
revenues. We cannot guarantee we will be successful in our business operations. Our business is subject to risks inherent in the establishment
of a new business enterprise
 including limited capital resources and possible cost overruns due to price and cost increases in services
and products.


future financing will be available to us on acceptable terms. If financing is not available on satisfactory terms
 we may be unable to
continue
 develop or expand our operations. Equity financing could result in additional dilution to existing shareholders.




company as defined by rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item.








property. We currently lease a virtual office at 30 Wall St. 8th floor
 Manhattan
 NY on a month to month basis. We believe that our facilities
are suitable and adequate for our present needs.




any legal proceedings
 nor is there any known legal proceedings contemplated against the Company.


 officer or affiliate
of the Company and no owner of record or beneficial owner of more than 5.0% of the securities of the Company
 or any associate of any
such director
 officer or security holder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company in reference
to pending litigation.







    
    




Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common
Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.


on the OTC Pink Sheets under the symbol &ldquo;SPUP.&rdquo;


for the periods indicated
 the high and low closing bid prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer prices
 without
retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.



    
    
    


 2019
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    


 2018
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



The
above table sets forth the range of high and low closing bid prices per share of our common stock as reported on the OTCpink Sheets for
the periods indicated.





10-K&nbsp;the Company had 24
044
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by 14 holders of record.




dividends on our common stock since our formation
 and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration or
payment of dividends
 if any
 in the future
 will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current financial
condition
 results of operations
 capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are no contractual
restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends.

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLANS


or stock option plans. We may in the future adopt a stock option.


    
    


Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.



From November 30
 2018 to November 30
 2019


30
 2019
 we had no revenue and had general and administrative expenses of $48
800 comprised of Professional fees and filings fees. In
addition
 we recorded interest expenses on loan of $6
090 resulting in a net loss of $54
890 as compared to interest expenses on loan
of $6
932 for the year ended August 31
 2018.&nbsp;




 2019
 the
company had $Nil cash and our liabilities were $274
867
 consisting primarily of Accounts payable and accrued expenses of $113
352 and
Loans from stockholders of $161
515. As of November 30
 2018
 the company had $Nil cash and our liabilities were consisting primarily
Loans from stockholders of $141
405.


&ldquo;going concern&rdquo; opinion
 meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve
months unless we obtain additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until after receiving sufficient financing and implementing
our plan of operations. We must raise cash to implement our strategy and stay in business. The Company anticipates over the next 12 months
the cost of being a reporting public company will be approximately $25
000.


further advances and debt instruments
 and anticipated cash flow are expected to be inadequate to fund our operations over the next twelve
months. We have no lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally
 we have financed operations to date through the proceeds
of the private placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan
 management anticipates additional increases
in operating expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) acquisition of inventory; (ii) developmental expenses associated with
a start-up business; and (iii) marketing expenses. Although we intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities
and debt issuances
 no assurance can be provided that we will be able to raise funds on commercially acceptable terms or at all.


cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations
 if any
 will be insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for at
least the next 12 months. We will require additional funds prior to such time and the Company will seek to obtain those funds by selling
additional capital through private equity placements
 debt or other sources of financing. If we are unable to obtain sufficient additional
financing
 we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned operations
 which could harm our business
 financial condition and operating
results. Additional funding to meet our requirements may not be available on favorable terms
 if at all.


 we have
been able to raise additional cash by selling of common stock
 it will likely not be sufficient to support our planned operations. If
we are unable to raise the cash needed to support our operations
 we will either suspend product development and marketing activities
until we do raise the cash
 or cease operations entirely. Because we have been unable to raise additional cash
 Management may consider
other business opportunities in order to maintain and increase shareholder value.


the success of the private offerings of equity or debt securities
 as described herein. Therefore
 the failure thereof would result in
the need to seek capital from other resources such as taking loans
 which would likely not even be possible for the Company. At such
time these funds are required
 management would evaluate the terms of such debt financing. If the Company cannot raise additional proceeds
via a private placement of its equity or debt securities
 or secure a loan
 the Company would be required to cease business operations.
As a result
 investors would lose all of their investment.




information please see Note 2 of the financial statements.



    
    


Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk.


company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.


by Item 8 is included following the &ldquo;Index to Financial Statements&rdquo; on page F-1 contained in this annual report on Form 10-K.

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.


 2020 (the &ldquo;Dismissal
Date&rdquo;)
 the Board of Directors the Company dismissed Weinstein &amp; Co C.P.A. (&ldquo;Weinstein&rdquo;) as the independent registered
public accounting firm for the Company. On May 20
 2020
 the Board engaged Halperin CPA
 Financial Consulting &amp; Management (&ldquo;Halperin&rdquo;)

&rdquo;) denying
W&amp;CO the privilege of appearing or practicing before the SEC.


the Company&rsquo;s financial statements for the two most recent fiscal years did not contain an adverse or disclaimer of opinion and
were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty
 audit scope
 or accounting principles

than an explanatory paragraph relating to the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern


fiscal years and through the Dismissal Date
 there were (i) no disagreements between the Company and Weinstein on any matter of accounting
principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedures
 which disagreement
 if not resolved to the satisfaction
of Weinstein
 would have caused Weinstein to make reference thereto in their reports on the consolidated financial statements for such
years
 and (ii) no &ldquo;reportable events&rdquo; as that term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.


two most recent fiscal years and in the subsequent interim period through the Dismissal Date
 neither the Company or anyone on its behalf

specified transaction
 either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial statements
 and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Company by Halperin that was an important factor
considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting
 auditing
 or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that
was the subject of either a disagreement as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K or a reportable event as described in Item
304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K.



(a) Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by
 or
under the supervision of
 the Company&rsquo;s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company&rsquo;s
board of directors
 management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:




    
    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.


Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and our financial officer
 an
evaluation was performed on the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our and principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report for the purpose of gathering
analyzing and disclosing of information that the Company is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules and forms for the reasons set forth in our annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended November 30
 2019. 

(b) Changes
in Internal Controls. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during quarter ended November 30
 2019 that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    




Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting


 2019
 management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal
control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;) and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation
 they concluded
that
 during the period covered by this report
 such internal control over financial reporting were not effective to detect the inappropriate
application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our
internal control over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.


or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In connection with the assessment described
above
 management identified the following internal control over financial reporting deficiencies that represent material weaknesses as
of November 30
 2019.



    
    
Financial Reporting and Closing Process: We did not maintain an effective financial reporting and closing process to prepare financial statements in accordance with GAAP. We determined that controls over timely and complete financial statement reviews
 effective journal entry controls
 and appropriate reconciliation processes were missing or&nbsp;ineffective. Further
 we were unable to complete regulatory filings timely as required by the rules of the SEC.




    
    
Qualified Personnel: We lacked a sufficient number of qualified accounting personnel in key financial reporting positions to operate processes and controls over the year end close process. As a result
 a reasonable possibility exists that material misstatements in our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.




    
    
Control Monitoring: Our controls for monitoring the adequacy of the design and operating effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting across the Company were&nbsp;ineffective. As a result
 a reasonable possibility exists that material misstatements in our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.



material weaknesses above did not have an effect on our financial results


the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls
 we have initiated or plan to initiate the
following series of measures.


of which no assurance can be provided
 we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase
our personnel resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to us. And we plan
to appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to an audit committee who will undertake the
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and
assumptions made by management when funds are available to us.


appointment of one or more outside directors
 who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee
 will remedy the lack of a
functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors on our Board.


and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing
basis and are committed to taking further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements
 as necessary and as funds allow.


include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by the Company&rsquo;s independent registered public accounting firm
pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide management report in the Annual
Report.







    
    




Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance.


10-K&nbsp;the Directors and Officers currently serving our Company are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



will serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their respective resignation or removal from office. Thereafter
directors are anticipated to be elected for one-year terms at the annual stockholders&rsquo; meeting. Officers will hold their positions
at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.

Isaac Thomas
 Age 33


Thomas serves as Chief Executive Officer of VeganNation Services Ltd.
 an Israeli company
 a position he has held since January 2018.
Mr. Thomas is an entrepreneur from the age of 16. Mr. Thomas&rsquo; career spans 17 years of entrepreneurial ventures in real estate and
healthcare
 where he acquired
 developed
 consulted and led visionary projects in the multifamily and senior housing sectors in the United
States. In 2016
 through a spiritual journey of meditation
 Mr. Thomas has chosen to live a plant based lifestyle. In January 2018 Mr.
Thomas founded VeganNation with the vision of creating the global platform and infrastructure to unite the global plant-base and sustainable
economy into a true global
 impactful economic ecosystem.

Yochai Ozeri
 Age 44


since January 2012
 as the Director of Finance and Treasurer of deltathree. In his current roles at deltathree
 Mr. Ozeri serves as its
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. Prior to assuming the positions of at deltathree
 Mr. Ozeri
 served as Controller
from August 2009 until January 2012. Founded in 1996
 deltathree
 Inc. is a global provider of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony
services
 products
 and solutions for partners
 resellers and direct consumers. Prior to joining deltathree
 Mr. Ozeri served as a senior
auditor at Kost
 Forer
 Gabbay &amp; Kasierer
 a member firm of Ernst &amp; Young International
 in its technology practice group. Mr.
Ozeri is a Certified Public Accountant.&nbsp;

Netanel Salomon
 Age 32


since November 2014
 as a sales executive in Binary Partners which experts in building traded platform online binary option and Forex
platforms for dealers. Prior to assuming the positions of at Binary Partners
 Mr. Salomon served from July 2013 as Vice President; sales
and marketing in Webresult an internet marketing solutions company. Mr. Salmon has served from March 2012 to July 2013 as a consultant
and manager of &ldquo;call of the shofar&rdquo; Israeli branch
 a non-profit focuses on personal and relational transformation. From November
2010 to March 2012 as a youth guide in Gush Etzion regional municipality managing employment projects for youth on summer vacation

Baruch Yadid
 Age 63


was involved&nbsp;in several real estates and commercial deals in Israel and abroad
 he also played a major role in the successes of private
companies




qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market. The NASDAQ independence
definition includes a series of objective tests
 such as that the director is not
 and has not been for at least three years
 one of our
employees and that neither the director
 nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. In addition
our board of director has not made a subjective determination as to its sole director that no relationships exist which
 in the opinion
of our board of director
 would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director
though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. &nbsp;Had our board of director made these determinations
 our board
of director would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the director and us with regard to each director business and personal
activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management.



    
    





or compensation committee comprised of independent directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed
by our current directors. The Board of Director has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial
expert
 nor has the Board established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary since
the Company is an early development stage company
 and to date
 such directors have been performing the functions of such committees.
Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation
nominations
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions.




that have occurred in the past 10 years concerning our sole officer and director which involved a criminal conviction
 a criminal proceeding
an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one&rsquo;s participation in the securities or banking industries
 or a finding of securities
or commodities law violations.&nbsp;




among the directors and officers of Sipup Corporation.




or compensation committee comprised of independent directors
 the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed
by our directors. The Board of Directors has not established an audit committee and does not have an audit committee financial expert
nor has the Board of Directors established a nominating committee. The Board is of the opinion that such committees are not necessary
since the Company is an early exploration stage company and has only four directors
 and to date
 such directors have been performing
the functions of such committees. Thus
 there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority
to determine issues concerning management compensation
 nominations
 and audit issues that may affect management decisions.


among our directors or officers. Other than as described above
 we are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executive
officers or directors.




a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officers
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or controller
or persons performing similar functions. The Company has not adopted a code of ethics because it currently has minimal operations.

SECTION 16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING
COMPLIANCE


Exchange Act of 1934 requires our executive officers and directors
 and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of
our equity securities
 file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Executive officers
 directors and greater-than-ten
percent stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based on our review of filings
made on the SEC website
 and the fact of us not receiving certain forms or written representations from certain reporting persons that
they have complied with the relevant filing requirements
 we believe that
 during the year ended November 30
 2019
 our executive officers
directors and greater-than-ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.&nbsp;






all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to our Officer for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal periods
indicated.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    





options to the executive officer since our inception. Upon the further development of our business
 we will likely grant options to our
sole director and officer consistent with industry standards for businesses similar to ours.




entered into an employment agreement dated February 1
 2016 pursuant to which Mr. Ozeri will be paid a monthly base salary of $2
000 for
the first three months. Thereafter
 the Company&rsquo;s board of directors or the appropriate committee will consider an increase in the
base amount. Under the agreement
 Mr. Ozeri will be entitled to participate in any future employee stock option plan that the Company
establishes and will be issued non-qualified options for 500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. Either the Company or Mr.
Ozeri is entitled to terminate employment upon 60 prior days&rsquo; notice.&nbsp;



Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


following table lists
 as of May 10
 2021
 the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each
person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and
director of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock
by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using &ldquo;beneficial ownership&rdquo;
concepts under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules
 a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of
a security if that person has or shares voting power
 which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security
 or investment
power
 which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any
security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the Securities and Exchange Commission
rules
 more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities
 and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial
owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below
 each person has sole
voting and investment power.


percentages below are calculated based on 24
044
000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of May 10
 2021. We do not have
any outstanding warrant
 options or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock.



    
    
    

    
    
    


 Chief Executive Officer &amp; Director
    
    


 Chief Financial Officer &amp; Director
    
    


&nbsp;Vice President &amp; Director
    
    


&nbsp;Director
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
644
000
    

    
11
000
000
    

    
2
475
000
    

    
1
595
000
    







Under Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act
 a beneficial owner of
a security includes any person who
 directly or indirectly
 through any contract
 arrangement
 understanding
 relationship
 or otherwise
has or shares: (i) voting power
 which includes the power to vote
 or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power
 which
includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by
more than one person (if
 for example
 persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares).&nbsp;&nbsp;In addition
shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example
 upon exercise
of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person
the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by




Mr. Adi Zim_ holds sole voting and dispositive control of these
securities. &nbsp;The address of Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. is Yosef Klausner 10




David Daniel is the former shareholder of Enlightened. His address
is Hanah Senesh 28
 Beni Brak




The business address of Nissim Barih is 41 Shlomo Hamelech Street




Mr. Reuben Ablagon holds sole voting and dispositive control
of these securities. &nbsp;The address of Rosario Capital Ltd is 2 Weizman Street





    
    


Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions
 and Director Independence.


 there are no contemplated
transactions that the Company may enter into with our officers
 directors or affiliates. If any such transactions are contemplated
 we
will file such disclosure in a timely manner with the Commission on the proper form making such transaction available for the public to
view.


written employment agreement or other contracts with our current officers and there is no assurance that the services to be provided by
them will be available for any specific length of time in the future.






 2020
 the Company
appointed Halperin Ilanit (&ldquo;Halperin&rdquo;) as the independent registered public accounting firm
 for the Company for the fiscal
year ended November 30
 2020 and 2019. Aggregate fees for professional services rendered for the Company by Halperin are set forth below:



    
    
    

    
14
000
7
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
14
000
7
000





    
    




ITEM
15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;EXHIBITS
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1)
Financial Statements.

The
Financial Statements filed as part of this Annual Report are identified in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 hereto.

(a)(2)
Financial Statement Schedules.

Financial
Statement Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown on the financial
statements or notes thereto.

(a)(3)
Exhibits.

We
hereby file
 as exhibits to this Annual Report
 those exhibits listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page hereto.



    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on
Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized

 2021



    
SIPUP CORPORATION
 INC.

    
    

    
    
/s/
    Isaac Thomas

    
    
    

Date: May 10
 2021
    
    
    (Principal Executive Officer)

    
    
    
  
    
    
Yochai
    Ozeri
  
Date: May 10
 2021
    
    
  
    
    
Chief Financial Officer
    
(Principal Financial
    Officer)



to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:


  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
May 10
 2021
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
May 10
 2021
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
May 10
 2021
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
Director
 Vice President
    
May 10
 2021
  
    
    
    
    
    




    
    










    
    

    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 30
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended November 30
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Statements of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the year ended November 30
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended November 30
 2019 and 2018
    

    
    

    
    



    
    


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM

SIPUP CORPORATION
 INC.



balance sheets of SIPUP Corporation
 Inc (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of November 30
 2019 and 2018
 the related statements of operations
and comprehensive loss
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended November 30
2019
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of November 30
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended November 30
 2019
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.



prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company has
not yet generated material revenues from its operations to fund its activities and is therefore dependent upon external sources for financing
its operations. As of November 30
 2019
 the Company has incurred accumulated deficit of $214
295 and negative operating cash flows. These
factor among others
 as discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans concerning these matters are also described in Note 1 to the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of&rsquo; these uncertainties.



of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required
to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.


standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged
to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit
 we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.


the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.




 Israel

 2021

since 2020


    
    













    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
93
600
    

    
    
    

    
93
600
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
113
352
    

    
161
515
141
405

    
    
    

    
274
867
141
405

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 24
044
000 shares issued and outstanding on November 30
 2019 and 18
000
000 shares issued and outstanding on November 30
 2018 respectively
24
044
18
000

    
64
631
    

    
(55
647
    

    
(214
295
(159
405

    
    
    

    
(181
267
(141
405

    
    
    

    
93
600
    



these consolidated financial statements.



    
    




(In dollars
 except share and per share data)



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
48
800
    

    
    
    

    
48
800
    

    
    
    

    
6
090
6
932

    
    
    

    
(54
890
(6
932

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
23
523
397
18
000
000



these consolidated financial statements.


    
    



STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIENCY
(In
dollars)



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
 issuance of
 shares
    
 Stockholders&rsquo;
 Deficiency

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
18
000
000
18
000
    
(152
473
    
(134
473

    
    
    
    
(6
932
    
(6
932


 2018
18
000
000
18
000
    
(159
405
    
(141
405

    
6
044
000
6
044
64
631
    
    
70
675

    
    
    
    
    
(55
647
(55
647

    
    
    
    
(54
890
    
(54
890


 2019
24
044
000
24
044
64
631
(214
295
(55
647
(181
267


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


    
    









    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(54
890
(6
932

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
6
090
6
932

    
43
200
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
600
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



these consolidated financial statements.


    
    





NOTE 1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS
OF PRESENTATION


is a Nevada Corporation incorporated on October 31
 2012. For additional information see subsequent events




 2019
 the Company
completed the acquisition of Enlightened Capital Ltd.
 an Israeli company with offices at Bnei-Brak
 Israel (&ldquo;Enlightened&rdquo;)
whereby Enlightened became a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As consideration
 the Company issued to Enlightened&rsquo;s
shareholders 18
000
000 common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share.


 in
the field of green energy and is licensed to internationally trade in Certified Emission Reductions
 also known as carbon credits (&ldquo;CERs&rdquo;)
as issued by the UN until 2040. .


for as a reverse asset acquisition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
Under this method of accounting
 Enlightened was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes. This determination
was primarily based on the facts that
 immediately following the Merger: (i) Enlightened&rsquo;s stockholders owned a substantial majority
of the voting rights in the combined company. As a result of the Recapitalization Transaction
 the shareholders of Enlightened received
the largest ownership interest in the Company
 and Enlightened was determined to be the &ldquo;accounting acquirer&rdquo; in the Recapitalization
Transaction. As a result
 the historical financial statements of the Company were replaced with the historical financial statements of
Enlightened. The number of shares prior to the reverse capitalization have been retroactively adjusted based on the equivalent number
of shares received by the accounting acquirer in the Recapitalization Transaction.




statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of November 30
 2019
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of
$214
295 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through
equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements
for the year ending November 30
 2019.


to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and
development of its business plan. In response to these problems
 management intends to raise additional funds through public or private
placement offerings.


 among others
raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



    
    


NOTE 2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES


prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP).




accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (&ldquo;U.S.
GAAP&rdquo;). These financial statements are presented in US dollars.

Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated
financial statements


statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As applicable to these financial statements
the most significant estimates and assumptions relate to the going concern assumptions and stock based compensation.

Cash and cash equivalents
 and Restricted cash


highly liquid investments which include short term bank deposits (up to three months from date of deposit)
 that are not restricted as
to withdrawals or use that are readily convertible to cash with maturities of three months or less as of the date acquired. The Company
maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;)
up to $250
000.&nbsp;




per share in accordance with ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share&rdquo; ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share (&ldquo;EPS&rdquo;) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable
to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined
by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2019
 the Company had no
potentially dilutive shares.


    
    





for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; Under the asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.




instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires all share-based compensation
payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures
to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments
with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant
disincentive for non-performance.




and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which
represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly
transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


levels of inputs to measure fair value:






Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted




Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions






June 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the &ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&ldquo;ASU&rdquo;) No.
2016-13
 &ldquo;Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments&rdquo;. In November
2018
 FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19
 &ldquo;Codification Improvements to Topic 326
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses&rdquo;
 which amends
the scope and transition requirements of ASU 2016-13. Topic 326 requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at
amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on
relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that
affect the collectability of the reported amount. Topic 326 will originally become effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2020
with early adoption permitted
 on a modified retrospective approach. As a smaller reporting company
 the effective date for the Company
has been delayed until fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 in accordance with ASU 2019-10
 although early adoption is still
permitted. This standard is not expected to have a material impact to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements after evaluation.



    
    



 the FASB
issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): &ldquo;Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes.&rdquo; The amendments in this ASU simplify
the accounting for income taxes
 eliminates certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifies certain aspects of
the current guidance to improve consistent application among reporting entities. ASU 2019-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2021 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2022
 though early adoption is permitted
 including
adoption in any interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued. This standard is not expected to have a material
impact to the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements after evaluation.


all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that could impact its consolidated financial statements and does not believe
that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued
 but are not yet effective
 that might have a material impact
on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.





    
As of year ended


    
November 30

2019
November 30

2018

    
144
126
141
405

    
14
020
    

    
158
146
141
405



 bears annual
2.56% interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand


 bears no
interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand

NOTE 4 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT





 the Company
issued Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. (&ldquo;Adi&rdquo;) 644
000 restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in consideration for remittance
of $100
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties.


 the Company
and Rosario Capital Ltd. (&ldquo;Rosario&rdquo;) have entered into additional service agreement
 pursuant to which Rosario is providing
to the Company certain financial advisory and other services. In consideration of any and all Rosario's Services
 the Company has issued
to Rosario 900
000 restricted shares of common stock. The service agreement will be terminated on December 31
 2020. The fair value of
the restricted shares as of the date of issuance was $144
000 using the share price on the day of issuance. During the year ended November
30
 2019 the Company recorded $43
200 as professional fees.


    
    




a.&nbsp;&nbsp;
Provision for income taxes

No provision
for income taxes was required for the year ended November 3
 2019 and 2018 due to net losses
in these periods.

b.
In accordance with ASC 740-10
 the components of deferred income taxes are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
45
002
33
475

    
(45
002
(33
475

    
    
    



0
 2019 because
it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards

November

 2019
 the Company had approximately $214
295 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable
income and expire by the year 2038.


any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. The federal
income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after they are filed




were carried out with related parties:



    



    
    
    

    
43
200
    

    
6
090
6
932



3.


    
    





December 2020 the company
 in consideration of the advance of $50
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties
the Company issued to Adi Zim and Rosario Capital Ltd. its unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000 (the
&ldquo;Note&rdquo;)
 which note shall be convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a rate equal to $0.1 per share
and upon (and subject to) the conversion of the Note as therein provided
 the shares of Company stock issuable upon such conversion shall
be validly issues
 fully paid and non-assessable.


 2021
 the
Company entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement with VeganNation Services Ltd.
 a company formed under the laws of the State of Israel
(&ldquo;VeganNation&rdquo;) and the shareholders of VeganNation pursuant to which VeganNation would become a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company
 and the shareholders of VeganNation would receive an aggregate of 23
562
240 shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction
is subject to customary closing conditions.


 a leading
global plant-based company building an all-encompassing conscious consumer ecosystem
 connecting and empowering plant-based and sustainable
businesses and individuals. Management of the Company believes that the growth of sustainable and plant-based consumer goods presents
a unique opportunity to participate in the fastest growing lifestyle globally.


transaction
 the VeganNation stockholders are expected to receive comon stock of Sipup that will be equal to approximately 50% of the
issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the closing of the proposed merger
 on a fully diluted basis. Following the closing
of the proposed merger
 VeganNation will effect a change in the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors and management


    
    





  

    
    
    
    

    
    
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)&nbsp;
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
Certification of the Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)&nbsp;
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

    
    
    

    
    
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

    
    
    


    
    
    
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
 furnished pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


















     



Exhibit
31.1

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302

I

 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sipup Corporation for the year ended November 30
 2019;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
report;

4.
responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is
reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.
have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

b)
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.



Date: May 10
 2021
    

    
    

&nbsp;Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
(Principal Executive&nbsp;Officer)















     



Exhibit
31.2

CERTIFICATION
UNDER SECTION 302

I
Yochai Ozeri
 certify that:

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sipup Corporation for the year ended November 30
 2019;

2.
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;

3.
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this
report;

4.
responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is
reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.
have disclosed
 based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

b)
any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.



Date: May 10
 2021
/s/
    Yochai Ozeri

    
Yochai Ozeri

    















     




CERTIFICATION UNDER
SECTION 906


906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
 the undersigned
officer of Sipup Corporation
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &quot;Company&quot;)
 does hereby certify
 to such officer's knowledge
that:



    
    
    
the Annual Report for the
    year ended November 30
 2019 (the &quot;Form 10-K&quot;) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
    15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
and the information contained
    in the Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: May
    10
 2021
/s/
    Isaac Thomas

    
Isaac Thomas
&nbsp;Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
    (Principal Executive&nbsp;Officer)



this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.














     




CERTIFICATION UNDER
SECTION 906


906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
 the undersigned
officer of Sipup Corporation
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &quot;Company&quot;)
 does hereby certify
 to such officer's knowledge
that:



    
    
    
the Annual
    Report for the year ended November 30
 2019 (the &quot;Form 10-K&quot;) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section
    13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
and the information contained
    in the Form 10-K fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Dated: May
    10
 2021
/s/
    Yochai Ozeri

    
Yochai Ozeri
 Chief Executive
Officer
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)



this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.






















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    







    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

 the VeganNation stockholders are expected to receive comon stock of Sipup that will be equal to approximately 50% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the closing of the proposed merger
 on a fully diluted basis. Following the closing of the proposed merger

    
    
    
    
    


 2019
 the Company&#13;completed the acquisition of Enlightened Capital Ltd.
 an Israeli company with offices at Bnei-Brak
 Israel (Enlightened)&#13;whereby Enlightened became a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As consideration
 the Company issued to Enlightened's&#13;shareholders 18
000
000 common Stock

 in&#13;the field of green energy and is licensed to internationally trade in Certified Emission Reductions
 also known as carbon credits (CERs)

 Enlightened was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes. This determination&#13;was primarily based on the facts that
 immediately following the Merger: (i) Enlightened's stockholders owned a substantial majority&#13;of the voting rights in the combined company. As a result of the Recapitalization Transaction
 the shareholders of Enlightened received&#13;the largest ownership interest in the Company
 and Enlightened was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the Recapitalization&#13;Transaction. As a result

 which contemplates the realization of assets&#13;and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of November 30
 2019
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of&#13;$214
295 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through&#13;equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements&#13;for the year ending November 30

 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and&#13;development of its business plan. In response to these problems

 among others


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 30
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 30
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -0.25in; width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;Loan from shareholder (*)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;144
126&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;141
405&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -0.25in; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;Loan from related party (**)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14
020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;158
146&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;141




&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=white-space: nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 30
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2019&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; white-space: nowrap; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;November 30
&lt;br /&gt;&#13;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=white-space: nowrap; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -0.25in; width: 76%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;Loan from shareholder (*)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;144
126&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;141
405&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-indent: -0.25in; text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;Loan from related party (**)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;14
020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;158
146&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 4pt double; text-align: right&gt;141






&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Net operating losses carryforwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;45
002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;33
475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(45
002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(33


 2019
 the Company had approximately $214



&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;Net operating losses carryforwards&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;45
002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;33
475&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 9pt&gt;Less valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(45
002&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(33


 in consideration of the advance of $50
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties
&#13;the Company issued to Adi Zim and Rosario Capital Ltd. its unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000 (the&#13;Note)
 which note shall be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a rate equal to $0.1 per share
&#13;and upon (and subject to) the conversion of the Note as therein provided
 the shares of Company stock issuable upon such conversion shall&#13;be validly issues

 2021
 the&#13;Company entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement with VeganNation Services Ltd.
 a company formed under the laws of the State of Israel&#13;(VeganNation) and the shareholders of VeganNation pursuant to which VeganNation would become a wholly owned subsidiary of&#13;the Company
 and the shareholders of VeganNation would receive an aggregate of 23
562

 a leading&#13;global plant-based company building an all-encompassing conscious consumer ecosystem

 the VeganNation stockholders are expected to receive comon stock of Sipup that will be equal to approximately 50% of the&#13;issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the closing of the proposed merger
 on a fully diluted basis. Following the closing&#13;of the proposed merger

    

 and the reported amounts&#13;of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As applicable to these financial statements


 that are not restricted as&#13;to withdrawals or use that are readily convertible to cash with maturities of three months or less as of the date acquired. The Company&#13;maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)&#13;up to $250

 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings&#13;per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable&#13;to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined&#13;by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the&#13;effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2019

 Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method



 which&#13;represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing&#13;an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value&#13;on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No.&#13;2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. In November&#13;2018
 FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses
 which amends&#13;the scope and transition requirements of ASU 2016-13. Topic 326 requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at&#13;amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on&#13;relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that&#13;affect the collectability of the reported amount. Topic 326 will originally become effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2020
&#13;with early adoption permitted
 on a modified retrospective approach. As a smaller reporting company
 the effective date for the Company&#13;has been delayed until fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 in accordance with ASU 2019-10

 the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The amendments in this ASU simplify&#13;the accounting for income taxes
 eliminates certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifies certain aspects of&#13;the current guidance to improve consistent application among reporting entities. ASU 2019-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15
 2021 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2022
 though early adoption is permitted

 but are not yet effective

    

 and the reported amounts&#13;of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As applicable to these financial statements



 that are not restricted as&#13;to withdrawals or use that are readily convertible to cash with maturities of three months or less as of the date acquired. The Company&#13;maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)&#13;up to $250


 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings&#13;per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable&#13;to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined&#13;by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the&#13;effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2019


 Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method





 which&#13;represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly&#13;transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing&#13;an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value&#13;on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No.&#13;2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. In November&#13;2018
 FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses
 which amends&#13;the scope and transition requirements of ASU 2016-13. Topic 326 requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at&#13;amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on&#13;relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that&#13;affect the collectability of the reported amount. Topic 326 will originally become effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2020
&#13;with early adoption permitted
 on a modified retrospective approach. As a smaller reporting company
 the effective date for the Company&#13;has been delayed until fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 in accordance with ASU 2019-10

 the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The amendments in this ASU simplify&#13;the accounting for income taxes
 eliminates certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifies certain aspects of&#13;the current guidance to improve consistent application among reporting entities. ASU 2019-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15
 2021 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2022
 though early adoption is permitted

 but are not yet effective


 the Company&#13;issued Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. (Adi) 644
000 restricted shares of the Company's common stock in consideration for remittance&#13;of $100

 the Company&#13;and Rosario Capital Ltd. (Rosario) have entered into additional service agreement
 pursuant to which Rosario is providing&#13;to the Company certain financial advisory and other services. In consideration of any and all Rosario's Services
 the Company has issued&#13;to Rosario 900
000 restricted shares of common stock. The service agreement will be terminated on December 31
 2020. The fair value of&#13;the restricted shares as of the date of issuance was $144
000 using the share price on the day of issuance. During the year ended November&#13;30
 2019 the Company recorded $43


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;43
200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Interest on shareholder's loan&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6
090&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6


&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2019&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;2018&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%; text-align: left&gt;General and administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;43
200&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;  &lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;Interest on shareholder's loan&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6
090&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;6


    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

































	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 24
044
000 shares issued and outstanding on November 30
 2019 and 18
000
000 shares issued and outstanding on November 30



      


      


      


      


      


















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      






      






      

      

      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      






      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      







      



























































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Nov. 30
 2019
May 10
 2021
May 31
 2019



































































  2019

































































































Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code














500



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



044
000



































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018











600







600














352







515


405





867


405










Common stock
 $0.001 par value; 75
000
000 shares authorized; 24
044
000 shares issued and outstanding on November 30
 2019 and 18
000
000 shares issued and outstanding on November 30
 2018 respectively

044


000





631







647)







295)


405)





267)


405)





600





































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date
 including liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 compensation costs
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits (other than pension and postretirement obligations)
 contractual rights and obligations
 and statutory obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(1)
(5))



























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))
























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018









Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

044
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

044
000


000
000

































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018

























800







800







090


932





890)


932)












523
397


000
000





























































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Balance at Nov. 30
 2017

000




473)




473)



Balance
 shares at Nov. 30
 2017

000
000

















932)




932)



Balance at Nov. 30
 2018

000




405)




405)



Balance
 shares at Nov. 30
 2018

000
000













044


631






675



Effect of Reverse Capitalization
 shares

044
000



















647)


647)









890)




890)



Balance at Nov. 30
 2019

044


631


295)


647)


267)



Balance
 shares at Nov. 30
 2019

044
000












































Effect of Reverse Capitalization
 shares.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018











890)


932)












090


932





200














600






























































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; excluding effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.





















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]






NOTE 1 &#8211; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND BASIS
OF PRESENTATION


is a Nevada Corporation incorporated on October 31
 2012. For additional information see subsequent events




 2019
 the Company
completed the acquisition of Enlightened Capital Ltd.
 an Israeli company with offices at Bnei-Brak
 Israel (Enlightened)
whereby Enlightened became a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As consideration
 the Company issued to Enlightened's
shareholders 18
000
000 common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share.


 in
the field of green energy and is licensed to internationally trade in Certified Emission Reductions
 also known as carbon credits (CERs)
as issued by the UN until 2040. .


for as a reverse asset acquisition in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (GAAP).
Under this method of accounting
 Enlightened was deemed to be the accounting acquirer for financial reporting purposes. This determination
was primarily based on the facts that
 immediately following the Merger: (i) Enlightened's stockholders owned a substantial majority
of the voting rights in the combined company. As a result of the Recapitalization Transaction
 the shareholders of Enlightened received
the largest ownership interest in the Company
 and Enlightened was determined to be the accounting acquirer in the Recapitalization
Transaction. As a result
 the historical financial statements of the Company were replaced with the historical financial statements of
Enlightened. The number of shares prior to the reverse capitalization have been retroactively adjusted based on the equivalent number
of shares received by the accounting acquirer in the Recapitalization Transaction.




statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets
and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of November 30
 2019
 the Company has an accumulated deficit of
$214
295 from operations and has earned no revenues to cover its operating costs. The Company intends to fund future operations through
equity financing arrangements
 which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures
 working capital and other cash requirements
for the year ending November 30
 2019.


to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon
 among other things
 obtaining additional financing to continue operations
 and
development of its business plan. In response to these problems
 management intends to raise additional funds through public or private
placement offerings.


 among others
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019








NOTE 2 &#8211; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES


prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP).




accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S.
GAAP). These financial statements are presented in US dollars.

Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated
financial statements


statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As applicable to these financial statements
the most significant estimates and assumptions relate to the going concern assumptions and stock based compensation.

Cash and cash equivalents
 and Restricted cash


highly liquid investments which include short term bank deposits (up to three months from date of deposit)
 that are not restricted as
to withdrawals or use that are readily convertible to cash with maturities of three months or less as of the date acquired. The Company
maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
up to $250
000.&#160;




per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable
to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined
by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2019
 the Company had no
potentially dilutive shares.




for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.




instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires all share-based compensation
payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures
to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments
with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant
disincentive for non-performance.




and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which
represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly
transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


levels of inputs to measure fair value:






Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted




Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions






June 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No.
2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. In November
2018
 FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses
 which amends
the scope and transition requirements of ASU 2016-13. Topic 326 requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at
amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on
relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that
affect the collectability of the reported amount. Topic 326 will originally become effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2020
with early adoption permitted
 on a modified retrospective approach. As a smaller reporting company
 the effective date for the Company
has been delayed until fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 in accordance with ASU 2019-10
 although early adoption is still
permitted. This standard is not expected to have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements after evaluation.


 the FASB
issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The amendments in this ASU simplify
the accounting for income taxes
 eliminates certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifies certain aspects of
the current guidance to improve consistent application among reporting entities. ASU 2019-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2021 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2022
 though early adoption is permitted
 including
adoption in any interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued. This standard is not expected to have a material
impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements after evaluation.


all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that could impact its consolidated financial statements and does not believe
that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued
 but are not yet effective
 that might have a material impact
on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019












    
As of year ended


    
November 30

2019
November 30

2018

    
144
126
141
405

    
14
020
    

    
158
146
141
405



 bears annual
2.56% interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand


 bears no
interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019








NOTE 4 &#8211; STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT





 the Company
issued Adi Zim Holdings Ltd. (Adi) 644
000 restricted shares of the Company's common stock in consideration for remittance
of $100
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties.


 the Company
and Rosario Capital Ltd. (Rosario) have entered into additional service agreement
 pursuant to which Rosario is providing
to the Company certain financial advisory and other services. In consideration of any and all Rosario's Services
 the Company has issued
to Rosario 900
000 restricted shares of common stock. The service agreement will be terminated on December 31
 2020. The fair value of
the restricted shares as of the date of issuance was $144
000 using the share price on the day of issuance. During the year ended November
30
 2019 the Company recorded $43
200 as professional fees.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019










a.&#160;&#160;
Provision for income taxes

No provision
for income taxes was required for the year ended November 3
 2019 and 2018 due to net losses
in these periods.

b.
In accordance with ASC 740-10
 the components of deferred income taxes are as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
45
002
33
475

    
(45
002
(33
475

    
    
    



0
 2019 because
it is not presently known whether future taxable income will be sufficient to utilize the loss carryforwards

November

 2019
 the Company had approximately $214
295 in tax loss carryforwards that can be utilized future periods to reduce taxable
income and expire by the year 2038.


any material uncertain tax positions. The Company did not recognize any interest or penalties for unrecognized tax benefits. The federal
income tax returns of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS
 generally for three years after they are filed



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019











were carried out with related parties:



    



    
    
    

    
43
200
    

    
6
090
6
932



3.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019











December 2020 the company
 in consideration of the advance of $50
000 for purposes of paying outstanding Company obligation to third parties
the Company issued to Adi Zim and Rosario Capital Ltd. its unsecured convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000 (the
Note)
 which note shall be convertible into shares of the Company's common stock at a rate equal to $0.1 per share
and upon (and subject to) the conversion of the Note as therein provided
 the shares of Company stock issuable upon such conversion shall
be validly issues
 fully paid and non-assessable.


 2021
 the
Company entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement with VeganNation Services Ltd.
 a company formed under the laws of the State of Israel
(VeganNation) and the shareholders of VeganNation pursuant to which VeganNation would become a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company
 and the shareholders of VeganNation would receive an aggregate of 23
562
240 shares of common stock of the Company. The transaction
is subject to customary closing conditions.


 a leading
global plant-based company building an all-encompassing conscious consumer ecosystem
 connecting and empowering plant-based and sustainable
businesses and individuals. Management of the Company believes that the growth of sustainable and plant-based consumer goods presents
a unique opportunity to participate in the fastest growing lifestyle globally.


transaction
 the VeganNation stockholders are expected to receive comon stock of Sipup that will be equal to approximately 50% of the
issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the closing of the proposed merger
 on a fully diluted basis. Following the closing
of the proposed merger
 VeganNation will effect a change in the Company's Board of Directors and management



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019











accounting records on an accrual basis in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (U.S.
GAAP). These financial statements are presented in US dollars.





Use of estimates in the preparation of consolidated
financial statements


statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts
of expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. As applicable to these financial statements
the most significant estimates and assumptions relate to the going concern assumptions and stock based compensation.



Cash and cash equivalents
 and Restricted cash

Cash and cash equivalents
 and Restricted cash


highly liquid investments which include short term bank deposits (up to three months from date of deposit)
 that are not restricted as
to withdrawals or use that are readily convertible to cash with maturities of three months or less as of the date acquired. The Company
maintains its cash balances at credit-worthy financial institutions that are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)
up to $250
000.








per share in accordance with ASC 260
 Earnings Per Share ASC 260 requires presentation of both basic and diluted earnings
per share (EPS) on the face of the income statement. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable
to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS is determined
by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to common shareholders and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the
effects of all potential dilutive common shares
 which comprise options granted to employees. As November 30
 2019
 the Company had no
potentially dilutive shares.








for in accordance with ASC Topic 740
 Income Taxes. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future consequences of differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities
and their respective tax bases (temporary differences). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using tax rates expected to apply
to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are recovered or settled. Valuation allowances for deferred tax assets
are established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.








instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation. ASC 718 requires all share-based compensation
payments to be recognized in the financial statements based on the fair value using an option pricing model. ASC 718 requires forfeitures
to be estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from initial estimates.


to non-employees are accounted for in accordance with ASC 505
 Equity. The final measurement date for the fair value of equity instruments
with performance criteria is the date that each performance commitment for such equity instrument is satisfied or there is a significant
disincentive for non-performance.








and liabilities at fair value based on an expected exit price as defined by the authoritative guidance on fair value measurements
 which
represents the amount that would be received on the sale of an asset or paid to transfer a liability
 as the case may be
 in an orderly
transaction between market participants. As such
 fair value may be based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing
an asset or liability. The authoritative guidance on fair value measurements establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value
on either a recurring or nonrecurring basis whereby inputs
 used in valuation techniques
 are assigned a hierarchical level.


levels of inputs to measure fair value:






Level 2: Other significant observable inputs (including quoted




Level 3: Significant unobservable inputs (including assumptions
in determining the fair value of certain investments).








June 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No.
2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. In November
2018
 FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19
 Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses
 which amends
the scope and transition requirements of ASU 2016-13. Topic 326 requires a financial asset (or a group of financial assets) measured at
amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on
relevant information about past events
 including historical experience
 current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that
affect the collectability of the reported amount. Topic 326 will originally become effective for the Company beginning January 1
 2020
with early adoption permitted
 on a modified retrospective approach. As a smaller reporting company
 the effective date for the Company
has been delayed until fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2022
 in accordance with ASU 2019-10
 although early adoption is still
permitted. This standard is not expected to have a material impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements after evaluation.


 the FASB
issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The amendments in this ASU simplify
the accounting for income taxes
 eliminates certain exceptions to the general principles in Topic 740 and clarifies certain aspects of
the current guidance to improve consistent application among reporting entities. ASU 2019-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2021 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2022
 though early adoption is permitted
 including
adoption in any interim period for which financial statements have not yet been issued. This standard is not expected to have a material
impact to the Company's consolidated financial statements after evaluation.


all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that could impact its consolidated financial statements and does not believe
that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued
 but are not yet effective
 that might have a material impact
on the consolidated financial statements of the Company.



































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019










    
As of year ended


    
November 30

2019
November 30

2018

    
144
126
141
405

    
14
020
    

    
158
146
141
405



 bears annual
2.56% interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand


 bears no
interest and has no repayment term. This loan is repayable on demand












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019










    



    
    
    

    
45
002
33
475

    
(45
002
(33
475

    
    
    



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Nov. 30
 2019










    



    
    
    

    
43
200
    

    
6
090
6
932



































Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include
 but are not limited to
 transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2019
Jun. 02
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018











Common stock
 par value










295)




405)

























000
000





Common stock
 par value


































































































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Federal deposit insurance corporation
 amount

000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018













126


405






020








515


405

















































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)
(4))
























































Amount of long-term loans classified as other
 payable within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2019












































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Nov. 30
 2019











Restricted common stock
 value





647)









200





















Restricted common stock
 shares



000





Restricted common stock
 value



000























Restricted common stock
 shares

000







Restricted common stock
 value

000







































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018











002


475





002)


475)














































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















295



Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date

  2038



































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018











200







090


932







The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 25
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020
Nov. 30
 2019
Nov. 30
 2018













Common stock
 par value
































Common stock
 par value












562
240













000







Proposed transaction
 description

 the VeganNation stockholders are expected to receive comon stock of Sipup that will be equal to approximately 50% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at the closing of the proposed merger
 on a fully diluted basis. Following the closing of the proposed merger
 VeganNation will effect a change in the Company's Board of Directors and management













000
































































































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of a written promise to pay a note
 initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer
 which can be exchanged for a specified amount of one or more securities (typically common stock)
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.




























Description of stock transaction which may include details of the offering (IPO
 private placement)
 a description of the stock sold
 percentage of subsidiary's or equity investee's stock sold
 a description of the investors and whether the stock was issued in a business combination.




























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

_1!XQD

M&
YCU\(-


(HTO?!30+



M96UE+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O6
M7.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$3

YV?/;$[9^







MG\#L_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2

M]+'






N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 
!2$7


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@


+$CN'MB[\!4$L#!!0    (
&UL
MG9C=;N





M





M/G!RP?]




MI#2'$SM \X^%V=]02P
$%     @ 0C&J4@^M7*


\Z?S6:2#SUH$!%&
F5
8/VS

QQS=0#7WTC
M#2$+
.-

4Z5T&^IUE.C

MB01?[K@B(.J

&LBTP5^K9W\!WBGC^/!QRWXV'FPMY/+J\GMY'%R
P67=]=@








M^SG7P[#9F#MW^XTU^A=02P

RYX;6R555%OVC 0_BM6M(=-ZD@( ;HJ1&J9

MR+/4Z!TS+IO8W





L0



@+-ZWX
U8FV'_



KZF-Y
K#FD]5=88<2SKH06&G
MI/E9_3O7?JV0+:WY-3!9%DO22VW)2:8&5:)!@M#GT*HD/%L44=R/XG@\/!5T


M'U!+ P04     !

O

M79*RF_WZDI*BZD$Y7M









:I2


M

M%-#



+8&;L4O!FN]-28VE*F4
MM_;E(AMZ@64$'%)C(2@^5C &SBT2\KC;@'J53VNX/7Y$/W?!8S!3JF$L^6^6



OYJ@7N6N

]6(P][






_@)02P
$%     @ 0C&J




M.F_J;C

M.2@K;S&KL

MV?M_$NR=?

M_RXRYRT$]K\7$)WN$9T&1*??\G#Q\'A_)6[?B^7CZOKF:K42BYN?Q'*QNE[Q




EKI26

MW2Y&B%; -:*JH+!;BR1QC1M N.87$%NK2+N)3V9+6
L8;#R)V,HNR7H%
M



A%*[J
FJ7
*1


MA$5KB-ELV3*OBOGZ3KQ2KX]U*1P+K]=EU+X

MEFWLZ82*

M\




E
5RM:A
M]&CNK7QTRY' FJR[^P4=X1NW+ I![&]:QQVF9*RA K9U6X6FCHNPRA4G6O+=

ML.\+?J./



M



1




9J3

M$ANL(O.P&9:RL;:!0W
6N
/Z'7;N=NB;U@]N1[-11@X
X %L=7LBBD!,/L5
MH@*_U.6TKJ1N


M*MHS\7O /.PT/#8JHYA_15ESD% TE@Y_NXZA@&


6KE;@$CDO%470[P7'



CBT=
9UP7'DXC'#_MIX.I364.DR2 \%U:N90E@

5N2


0#1]$)1IJ#B%QD4


[+&$8(%Q9
M3:4NTM,=,$LVP%95K4JS49$XT=XI-J=M\8:]B]E@<3/.KWE9JLYJ!PA)1@1









M;1R)#IZ8E+%D^
G7/*0J1S
$MR6AO6MY&.%*YH^6@O4U]WRLSS7Y\JD*DD.X




\

M]B%6:[;E(





MHO#ZB-KTP=04?$H




7.PL:H2.?IRWNG(IE6?)S2/6J?S[=XG!/P 




M3!'SE')#TPZR&[VB=A3Z
+]LW9 +T!
FJ#R


%?676^4X0XV\#N] *&C521XE18%NOZC9 _7#E=RW5XS1L[^Z
MWAWTGIMN]D=UA8\YI'-O.\T3CV0)CP2_X'=O=#_HIG0V& &LTJ]V+14GE G



K6ZYJ 474C$



Y#+I- D92-N'3A^$O6!/9
F1Y!#^OBL9



83

+;5_TH#+_ LZRM

MT-O+5LB9P11*ILR&\@D0QNT@N!CB_)[_788[R$=XVV&PU#KJ$2&I-*D3A8
MD% -3(B*\5;4Z1V]@5P85*@-G::0



MUF4IS/$WV8!^.@V[B3N]SQ1KB856*'&W1?JUM#J[!G266)RDJMP& V#Y;C

/'ZI'
MDSBIN@;9^A4$LXM-DXG#[DN4C3VUU_.X_';#W)F4RDFX6.'+!9F+1D%PU9

M^Z=2^#+9EYO[-4S!\XP_PGWJXYUL-)E21UMN79P61NI=O!9F3W:1JRQ'(
MIA+J.)#6UIC
I7PMRSABDI-YA8^N70$OP6T'_P.;Z;3811%=
LH+3)Q!+Y
MH!7H[)3ME87DU+=4M*8+2MTC_6C*4$DI71.J 0'A#X;1Y'GYJ.J-I6V#6TE



9F4

@\T]IUW;0
M/^B+_P!02P,$%     @ 0C&J4AW.._F* P  BP<  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE
M971S+W-H965T


M.+T 11]H:62S2Y%:DK+C?GV'I*PXV1]L,7+G#-G9LCA=*_T%[-%M/!8VEF


M5Q(T5K-X

(Z!D:?'5ZA$(Z(







M0BC3:H2_%FMC-9V(O]]P





EP:^A_%DD*89
M#?)\
#Z;1+^B
;!CHF6A$3A'7O.[SO(]O NF\-Y[Z(620M)FT#K:#_[W0&%=
M45A



M W1P5MMZ)7]:O_2+$*#?3(/S]0MTQM.P0BL)H.SR8QZ-#ZP\2JQK?;M;+4
MO/UP2Z\E:F= ^Y52]CAQ#OKW=_X?4$L#!!0    ( $(QJE*7US
.FP(  &\%

!!^[Z\X!00O

MW#H$1LL#7J(0#HAH_-YA!FU*%[B_?T;_Z&NG6I;



LUV+W:.EO4


3

MW9H KBTK2=^6!

A8$_2+38IW

(W527=W25INSU+9LGNPT=5K@-_

M;]X69TG*#I&F/#Q-^&KDAK!H(;WSK
I#?)BL/U#OU-C!VQ+*6G*ZO_5$58








MM$-[
MXJ*!AI E\E-V$65'XY/GV3@[3@=EWJ/;/ADGXA
V&%+&RWB#C90?$*R['-C7
M7%O/_0I*%(HE_63/+^4Y_QI7-H^/4MLEN%QKI.@97VA%7YIEHW3L?/9=ZV=D





?HZ2=/EU-

MV$#_-C__#U!+ P04     !
:I2'BPXC/X

M:&5E='



&.+U'HJ-5)&_M_-](_\.%QF*5TZMKD_]:9
M7[\9O1R)3*UDG?M/9O

M?[L(MR'


M9:H0@WXM[E2IK








M\/NM



!R%9O3
-WQP.-KF0%^DE9OONTT
M!Y6'

MC%*K+VXR NG$;;)/F$0

)]3O?I%YG6 0(2OV83B
M1




M9.'0_8XI00L)#*)B]Q#



P[QO0_FUI!1$AX.;K2.N
M/;3EV*MT7:*1)MK*R.




#*6A_SO3V_U!+ P04     !
:I2

I
V=\+F9!Y 0AQ]PZ!D:_![Q
MSAT1R?B]YPRZD [87Q_8+WWNE$O&#%XH_J,J;#D+S@(H<,T:;F_5]@KW^4P<
M7ZZX\5_8MK[C-(\
5:)/9@4B$JV?_:XKT

3K;@-YE1^99?.I
M5EO0SIO8W





M='



3KZB

MSA7./


M+=

%P 69_
M %!+ P04     !



.;O
$W@N49%


C

!3^

M;D&




 00
MM(#@7






^G5UH\]^QLN;MP9B%_I








'X!+=?(=(Y\-=D?N3Y7U!+ P04     !
:I2



PX(P+6






M-

M:BL



M=CSG2%LOM;XA)[*D

M$+J!&QR)Z7#KV:C0.C*
VN1'[SA-\W[030HDUWHS22HF(:X$)&=D!51(0AFK


U9]D:VU;Z]RTH&-[
M.%F$'?;Y:+(8==G'DX5IT?9SV+J_?Z=BDS%4 FM
P1F
\%R*NF?6$\5+TT56
M7&%/
L

=H/UQB?X 4$L#!!0    ( $(QJE*5S=\NR@$

!#^*T(P
MV&!$CI-T:W$
2\O88!NA6;?/BGV.162=)UWJ[-]7DAV30C+8%^M.NN?EK%/6
MH=V[&H#8L='&+7E-U-X)X8H:&NDFV(+Q)Q7:1I)/[4ZXUH(L(ZC1(DV2&]%(



C; :P=] HTZ_R./R'
\!T?@60#H T^NZ%HLL'23+/
M+';






AE9?0M%$.

M$IW


R;W$RU0]7+COU!+ P04
M !

T*#HP*BA8V;[I
MOJO# # -CP#\#N_%Q!T@
 :;9596PNJ:1)+T1!IHI'-+&QM+!K=L-)\Q966

L0IY/[

)#*S\$95-(69@\-.@:S!2<C8
MW_G_/*U3=]39AX^4+EEI2(<-LCL3:XPD6QG3+O1HK)MNA8:F]XN<QS+($T



(_
MMIRG^/[;19D=IJVDOLL^\^]SW'Y[15^M54 !9M

MLU0UEC




MH_E)*#5$.W%
^I^RL-KM

96


+Y$)$YN7A8S

MS*'S[&CC0/
MM
Y(
B(WXQ2O#Z@8]RK&_ZWB$L&F9G[;M45!+1R2=1J_^RF?
MSLY(/+P^=&QX[U(*T&5H/:=$-=)V][-?[;O[KKO4?]V[I^&1ZI))@SBL7&@\


M;)54VW+3

VE?\]*

MI-#
0UL;X(4'53*
H^@TK+A009;ZO8G)4KU *11




M!!0    ( $(QJE(+R3JON@
  


7-K3VHQDZ7A3

T']\'=
M0^  [L0/!@?=&A
;RE;*9SOYDLP'OO4(.
3&4E#\V\
*.+=
Z
=+33IH;%I@




939)H\B 22MW@/76S\


I*;_J81\W[&/'/C[#OI)YCJ\P7KWX^9H45)$]


WI-&^O37NOW::H@I0:(W!&=407:CN*6

9
M



ZH2#$$T7;O-TV6DJK$\JT92F6DE1#CRZG ;@?[&M/S

M+N3=^C*X6U5=U4^:JLE[IIE0A,..Z3TAS?HDZKZIFIB9.$:@ZTTV&:X88:]
M)BA[ /=W4IK3Q!IHNM?%OU!+ P04     !,:I2OT&U[PT#  )$   #0

K326$E84U1-J0*DU:ITKMAWVK

^+.I:*NK


M V S X&



?&-H%Y?P6VOI[





O+G)E;'.=DKENPS 
0'_%T)XP!] AB#-E


M06^ KSI




$%
M  @ 0C&J4@)

T-46-#9BO:H/2C51*-V!=4]^G9J
1
M2E
CVD:D^6@T3AO@
CD[W:ZUT&G84!8+RY5TG;[CEN.S^3/NF^R)&[[F@MO7






O



U[9S5=V[Z-XVG4M5Y7W_H;7+

!
M20NL!6A-R#4)\)H0;!(@-B'9)
!L0K1)@-J$;)
 MPGA)@%R$])- NPFQ)L$
MZ







MQ:


4     !
M

4     !
M



M   ( $(QJE(DF0#Y20
  !L*   8               @5P3  !X;]W;W)K

4     !



4     !
:I2 /6%CM4


M970Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $(QJE*).0@RK0
  -P'   9



4     !


4     !
:I2







O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !,:I2*K]A^RD  #_!   &0





4     !


MW0(  ,2   /                =MW  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$
M% 
4     !

M7W)E;'

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001213900-21-025233-xbrl.zip

#$Y
3$S

MP
ZL
3]DOW*/!U;H!Q_8[Y8;X1/_'Y\OO\!/V?\A:^WL6:Q26:*SW[EG^\'U

[]%9_.O4E#J[':.SBZ[XEDIX1P#G?3T$;^TP


MX228\3V\P?[W





,),?RV/C.
MN4-6*G1LVT&A:[D7EF-W/25;?PC*T)_-Q<%W3@]99WDA+38O+3849%70P*9I
M8,O/V)<@G4*<;)DXV7*2FB&%C+:


Z]78]!C



 O!NVSB&IZ
K7E




[#QW<^1 ZQ/./]% 81-P=)]3(]R




EC5]\/*]5JI3JE



.$MR^LAXZ0O!0Q(P'3QX(1T
_

M(%-Z+4@.
!;1YCN+T%;4EJ.



UU61]:_1%9+C:Q)C#N V NY.XC:U5_



MK=XVN.8
T)XTA66/R6IX3)8!*WWLLBQ8Z/8#11CD)9(/.;' X$.C30:B@Y4'

/$^!QCR[_6!IHT-6
MJTY=N6
N6!G_)Y=^L TRO)!F?7 EA]^ #ZD0R'##^M?F X5,630Z/$


;^;(TG'_ZT7Z_5
'_J#N:NVJG)JSH4FFH7BML=5#Q\/\0_API^5X!$\2%*<<ZNP=J.2DD:E

]30<GT[_$#W!.[5C!8T9MW6$=,E\3(R$U8ZT(@ZYLC/<709(Y !0







Y$L !^E/05E8A?3JR8QG5JY4L[2E71W6?@)
M$F

@0Y@N]JKW6F911M8=!W0 KPUX&/@RA@/WF(W[7#IW$A+D\5F9

M:'LAWN+](_6]9 \E9#^!#0BT:Z
0BL:2BRI7:+Q/T3V)W@?'B[B47+?FLI11
MYQJ
I(

MB6=3BR%HJ?!/& ';


MC

M.=R_G'?.V.GE^5?6NSH_^NVOYU^.3RXWJB@NW)FA//?AKCM!?N3=XJD-_183


MA![C



;_Z+LSS



H?.G\1;F72LWJZV7G_?+D/7?D^.L56AY-OVF]NI29!W(RGQX$@AF


M6V:7[.7M
N&?.[;\=V=*
)I0@+Y&'BX7Q1YYG@0?8(I8F?7!

 *!UCA


MXQ)&P(YCSK_@6P+5VC$FD/R%$-


M:U8KM6I9YSZJJN'HL[;5E6UIFL&;G8!L9&*F.-S

M'!5S[
VUY_H]ES$TGG2*D@/&#+_O=&+8JG;WU%@O;7AOYW*LXHA??CGBHXWU


M_B-O%'*I

R+H=R0M50OL.HRV6O(]Q+A6+V
16'<M&%\8Z7
M+B&B/3.6?4?^:_CY4TO6!B$7M;K$'Y]/++H*URRI_TY?A_@E/V1Z]L)9 85
MD+N\I#2_3DG'=MB_G#$Y!]]@=6X4J58Z([:.$8: =?UMM 5CS4O_. 1O5AQ




&T14B#
MDI/(&7):8B;1ZSX6M)D+SX(:QI(K;4
=8\6*MJ26
4'SBO6


5R:M MK#9WW6-8
M;^[]VF01_=L\V&EG?7Y;8)RGMP'5I4#DF)4IMHZTMTQ8F_$I8ZP$ O\3Z 20
6D+Q&=$&BXT$Y3$DG$0NS9A0HOV/K&S<6
M&G5 VO1371Y-/2C2652%I5#NPAW*SGS1$YE.;.
G'8HV''$EJ(;W.8(@8J]


MJ@:5^HX


M;UB0#P-G!7N'IKROHD_!# ]'0FY26WDAU9?ORXI_!5P%UL:+;4D&@0Y48))V

LB+F4 !'VY&(!AQ0R

)
MO\

 G_H4P_I7%8(3D?A3&KG J RE=
MBYDSF)3K6^YJ&6*)W RX$U8M38IPFYV(E.?2T(.D]K/#CA4B%/A)M7+IG=?U
]TJ9.LSF9=\&N<FY^
MVCA#V38&UYVZB4=Z-;2!3!<\Y?*U*W\'&2OB=S-Q/A.B5W'I\ED+J6LI4<V





MVB'/#(U)48M3PV _N'G$T)&C@(C\:EE.CH)&-N!S8Y92C?L4O$E#%B(7%B

V3@F8@.LX--F7#)66\4HJGE.'
M-L521E@N48?E*;L H\



;D.)%A2QZPDP38B[!=:8W_O!-V)*L@TY'N*.Y&D24()#%[18N!91


F&L\GFVB;CN:EY([JX[0NEC)DA?

M2:&@K/525OV0G9-@





:) F=#F$0_E$KLN_99&
MY#B]5O''
MA&7_SC).Y=9:R#E8'

M4BIQC

?!? ^E
2T1DT1GJMGI
MDT%UX)
)C307B
Y] +!;=#6ZCSIK5)ZR:R]=.ND./B71\#?+B_#4JT;)M=5R


@8I
G.
3UXK9*YQK':(M(#=51S'6M=$]F@9\R

/F$4AO6PJ8EAF6&1R*6+P94PLF!:X%Y-^+-J/PLP.UTPJ



M(P\EJY+TMSJ3D
1;
(KUG!Z@)



V()\(B
#
HKLWZ4

52CS& ;X:




-.N
M3ENZ 'U=*<%(EMDRA:9LD6F;)$I6V3*;C!3UC@M7UV&9<4@IIU2UNGY
 X9




M0D
1@GH

RHB2V;H2GU,#X'*
M'6BR3JS1I;6G6\V_!/VG2-\
'P14BEHU8B?#AI:J/H /DM:@QJ6#2GFJ3

H8:RXU4 ENERCBV!

MR)1S3.=@I+ G[V6 3W]J-LIU&-:BU1UR(21I#/F






F39_PRU/KWD1/R
G)3
^XQ!Z$<^@Y+FS?



MW6PW:LEJSX#D*0 _#R4R5(ZX@;Q
Y15P46]6FTWCTN

N!N
*6J^U73?ZY


M)Y0Y@6;4'2C!7


9EAIWVW-QQ+YIANJT;3[F#+X^+

M?9

W]_O_/0#]P=/[C=





M4]]IM7^6=[]@. A&+V$BK^?C%3BRI@:EW:I[771W])*B17V\I&H
[7[934UY
M8YBHKXH)F.OZYI]YBAP2WORRBS-S#O%?^/G_ 5!+ P04     !
:I2Z3VR
MEVX(  !52   $0   '-P=7 M
C Q.3$Q




M= 6WL?X!VMLYP

'Z'[[FXE3LN#^KI




M$&@FCSL9&.]W=[B8VKUNU[&_?KRZCO@Z


N_9
3''2DM9]V-6FK)Z9(U/$G=G

Y


]3RWT\D**Y1/ L+4!1?!.9G@T ?
OH?8IQ-*O Y26$R)TA-*SK%+
M-JE+IR5FC





I8I'JC=G2K%NSNML9


_C5
UV1R2O5JI




^:%XW8IYBU?9BI.

M#G25X'%'TF#NZW+0J&TFR 3:( Q66L+W)[BVLPC\E$6K-A281E%;1R/I.%6!
K7I[489@Z31W.S[8?Y._YLI.LNTF1K+VJDDWNURMI
MC\!Q+A1BA9I<4_EW7+A^Q=U(E4%$WUFIG*6;+*=G[3H[^FM+&UBQ J&9D:D




L_#MK2
MC@W+:?*E3G04TIG.G[H^EGI)P?@%%R
24)7L]]IF2*U




'PHF\J]=7D9[=\Q6&WJIPKR8_N^5U
MEMZ\


R-:SE
M;IDX7IP[J]=[
GJ]5Q6J36S/Z-B1'3]!@
O_ 5!+ P04     !
:I2WJ@1
MRCX(   Y3@  %0   '-P=7 M
C Q.3$Q


1-M$9=(EI=CY]SN4)4?4E7(LRPN0
&Z)R[UHB-^7OT&<_($/U-&!$XX.(]




X:\YPEU:


;
D;J-SC)^JF2@F%=+N;*
_KJ;A\L%
X(TZ8=\$&CPJ

MK



2LO6 S1%U/V3K$.[(


PC7L)'07QNBP
N*R;V


C[N.0E?+%S-!_)MOWA$7ZII7;&Q*-@ZH1_#1%2HR%AIW 1S6L'P
MN!Y:$#J9!A'
#@UR2?$]]6F06A/DS: -ZA!L7&'):_RH2EU(-G!%A
1+ 8P5

#
N(
.C=M0%WMG
MRWQ'N=QL16

R+USI!//HTIN[%_#

C\MZ9Z$:M21CQ+K!@E$TD3$/A+(Q25Z85


6




M*QZM(B\_]:0A?E



J@]SBMM

MHG[=36E7??)4 Y];

$%     @ 0C&J4K1/

T


R$:C/

O_L8?)U




M6/_D
 .F-6AVHIB!
S)N];)WACC$7BGPM9RU.MT
 UG+67.3S1!UN67C$!_0

M/V[3SW70/.[%R2R7SBN#IKW0+B\$S6#
W&\OZF$ES5M'FLT/.J(0P-FL=%

XO







MY9O5RF'NVK2

Y4*#5]%

U/DQ


MI&31ZCK_(+4ST%^)0YSE:QN[!MG:9&6+X
!\PT-Z K&KQC8\*A8K*[%\D+MZ




=;DFH@$6FZF.T


8;A3ZZM/&2@094;\X A [:_:I
MJ=*'S)40

M7&J7:6V:UAMZSLA

M&S[N=5FA-


18^#'J!BOA;;?GFJ

MJ9W

0Q9RE=P<O;8K=R9'4+2YJ$*1]7QV[\(EZ1MN_0
M#//D_^G+RY5Z@S=B$$0!O+19J?8&6*.C^<2_<VDZLS2&;\1_BH&I.-RLR]G

M_L?Q


M:V^1;%

O)U^]&KPZ)5\-OB-_G Z6
M@[?O!G]Z]^;5WPU_)_?R;5;_SN#AA\'@]8#\KU#_



M2M

MOR?-:1X$=MZ%W/OQBI]K1#^\(']K0


*JDT0D:^OYVO8VHQ49CO K]
M









MLUJIO'?MD$C3.


1A[L1]ZT662A8IP

YYF&AFTA




.DP^


MZS6YIJ/5KZXKD@6Q3 W



N\%31ZL$AE.F2-MDJ_7JP#$HM





 E@D206L3A
@0
CQ/8J6GDZ$Z(Z^V\L^\+/3)9#P.HVTNW:G4



MTN6 C_V9ZR:_@A*!W ^NKH1R:%1^:!'$LVP5?GXB7A#8P&IRK\=JP/OSVH
MH=HSC-7N$&Q821B:])


MS3FYJ'
VFN$SC'(M4REF@*)=J[@Y'-!JA#C.1







M)M#9/[GZU?7QL3;US_.T;35CQG

Q



=:[NT(+:XS#SHR3;IECK
M#YGKNZTTINF6^M*51!D



&2RO]KOW98O(_GR:S)9K\0OX$XM*5Y[M
M4XC'XD_MV;NALM7S]EX=:IRQ&VF(6 ON*(TX1D-%N$/X&$P\E.&YZM)EH=K

MN_Z)&3^U6BZKTQAP4J
AHUF.#O'9*46JT[#]&!PK=Z(-.97-S)EK !K62R


RU+5)X%[=X2EKI C&IO9!
MV^8CU45




MW)I5__-I76[XH/LUY9S4SX-?1?F@; ^%Q5(K![34JCLM.RGOR7739MR0O%\G






B0/9-[L0YG&2M)1PKWQ%M.Z(?7:F



XZ_3O6L'[&VLY)NC?D3EP[]E*ZC103
M=A)WNM _U!8!EZM@C
FZ

Q--@8


;
MJX/A8G_
EEU4M3P





M8KYD:LYYUQ^KX



M^8)&JP&X[YA5T5].QJY:VL^+/I31DS1X7' 0)!.%-5):G*;;&]YZ\Y[^QV]S
MV!ZDRFX7)YZB&:?X!E470M09TVE/8H]X&/DDLV(GB7W-: '*D+5B9C8R;@P
M(]R;1F\L%M0=)E-ET'5LKN[W66@!& 8^F
5IC_0*+N
_6V4;10NH#I2G]\X




66D(0LILQPFTN

MM


S&A)V&6D%:&0.$+D'9[Q



M?_%^]^-4?$+^_OGJC/\S_[I][\.[GWQO












M D@IRPWOMQV$S19 Q?_@DN+;9+0XZY]$

2Z;T94@HH+ X=;:&*,$B.J<X08+SZ![QW9]?\*E1T8!




Q%$HDCV\@MXK.N@Z[
I1-_?9;895RB8+WU_E0P_%



)B.H.Y$;0HF'


LQT=W]OQ8]$I/O174;*^'M6RIY$1V$M8Z8J
1O9M










MSZ4&&2/=TT2&7R2U
 (R0:R@*)DUC^=S%/#3OPC54X:*A3SZY\:K.+6)4D/C

M;Y2N#1Y[>:V8(%5


M&G-CL1QTFS*8EV0+K0^9[.7
YO


.A3$B]P!4_
!

(











M[YO^A)+

M:

F4NB


M?=Y'M\/_^#((KH





M4#


)L/67#279M.LL



*//JM-X1P

M

MT4EB!
K37:/EJ+B0-'O5=:XN0WA/EPB\5;].$RPI%@291MY&
-8:8P/RWA
M. N8 /4Q_A*6999.(5A57:I]EH+(]@FP(^( 18P]F;/^DH-R7FX4AFL\*^+$



MH5Z




3DQ
3
P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $(QJE+I/;*7;@@

M+3(P
3DQ
3
P7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4     !
:I2M$\ O L*  #;=@

M
C Q.3$Q
S!?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $(QJE+^#2YY^Q

3DQ
3
P7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&


