

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000091388-16-000064
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		131
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160103
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160329
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SMITHFIELD FOODS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091388
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEAT PACKING PLANTS [2011]
		IRS NUMBER:				520845861
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15321
		FILM NUMBER:		161533645
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING
		CITY:			SMITHFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23430
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7573653000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 COMMERCE STREET
		STREET 2:		EXECUTIVE OFFICE BUILDING
		CITY:			SMITHFIELD
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23430
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY EQUITIES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710221
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY REAL ESTATE TRUST
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19661113












		


Washington
January 3
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Smithfield
(Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
June&#160;26
 2015
 there was no established public trading market for the common stock of the registrant and therefore
March&#160;29
 2016
1
SMITHFIELD FOODS
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Smithfield Foods
 Inc.
 together with its subsidiaries (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; Smithfield, &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221;)
 began as a pork processing operation called The Smithfield Packing Company
 founded in 1936 by Joseph W. Luter and his son
 Joseph W. Luter
 Jr. Through a series of acquisitions starting in 1981
We produce and market a wide variety of fresh meat and packaged meats products both domestically and internationally.&#160;&#160;We operate in a cyclical industry and our results are affected by fluctuations in commodity prices. Additionally
We conduct our operations through five reportable segments: Fresh Pork
 Packaged Meats
 Hog Production
 International and Corporate.  The Fresh Pork segment consists of our U.S. fresh pork operations. The Packaged Meats segment consists of our U.S. packaged meats operations. The Hog Production segment consists of our U.S. hog production operations. The International segment is comprised mainly of our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations in Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania
On September&#160;26
 2013 (the Merger Date)
 pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated May&#160;28
 2013 (the Merger Agreement) with WH Group Limited
 formerly Shuanghui International Holdings Limited
 a corporation formed under the laws of the Cayman Islands hereinafter referred to as WH Group
 the Company merged with Sun Merger Sub
 Inc.
 a Virginia corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of WH Group (Merger Sub)
 in a transaction hereinafter referred to as the Merger. As a result of the Merger
The Merger has enabled Smithfield to continue to execute on its strategic priorities while maintaining brand excellence and its commitment to environmental stewardship and animal welfare. We have established Smithfield as the world's leading vertically integrated pork processor and hog producer with best-in-class operations and outstanding food safety practices. Operationally
 we have become part of an enterprise that shares our belief in global opportunities and our commitment to the highest standards of product safety and quality. With our shared expertise and leadership
On January 16
 2014
 the Company elected to change its fiscal year from the 52 or 53 week period which previously ended on the Sunday nearest to April 30 to the 52 or 53 week period which ends on the Sunday nearest to December 31. The change became effective at the end of the period ended December 29
 2013.  Unless otherwise noted
January 3
December 28
 2014
The Fresh Pork segment consists of our U.S. fresh pork operations. The Fresh Pork segment produces a wide variety of fresh pork products in the U.S. and markets them nationwide and to numerous foreign markets
 including China
 Japan
 Mexico
 Russia and Canada.  We process hogs at nine plants (six in the Midwest and three in the Southeast)
117
800
. A substantial portion of our fresh pork is sold to retail customers as unprocessed
 trimmed cuts such as butts
 loins (including roasts and chops)
 picnics and ribs.  Our product lines also include leaner fresh pork products. 
. We produce a wide variety of packaged meats
 including smoked and boiled hams
 bacon
 sausage
 hot dogs (pork
 beef and chicken)
 deli and luncheon meats
 specialty products such as pepperoni
 dry meat products
 and ready-to-eat
 prepared foods such as pre-cooked entrees and pre-cooked bacon and sausage. We market our domestic packaged meats products under a number of labels including the following core brand names: Smithfield
 Farmland
 John Morrell
 Gwaltney
 Armour
 Eckrich
 Margherita
 Carando
 Kretschmar
 Cook&#8217;s
 Curly's
Our product lines also include lower-fat and lower-salt packaged meats.  We also market a line of lower-fat
 value-priced luncheon meats
 smoked sausage and hot dogs
 as well as fat-free deli hams and 40% lower-fat bacon.&#160;
As a complement to our Fresh Pork and Packaged Meats segments
897
&#32;sows
The profitability of hog production is directly related to the market price of live hogs and the cost of feed grains such as corn and soybean meal. The Hog Production segment generates higher profits when hog prices are high and feed grain prices are low
 and lower profits (or losses) when hog prices are low and feed grain prices are high.  In addition
 with the importance of food safety to the consumer
January 3
December&#160;28
April 29 - December 29
April&#160;28
We own certain genetic lines of breeding stock
 under the name Smithfield Premium Genetics (SPG). The Hog Production segment makes extensive use of these genetic lines. In addition
We use advanced management techniques to produce premium quality hogs on a large scale at a low cost. We develop breeding stock
 optimize diets for our hogs at each stage of the growth process
 process feed for our hogs and design hog containment facilities. We believe our economies of scale and production methods
 together with our use of the advanced SPG genetics
 make us a low cost producer of premium quality hogs. We also utilize independent farmers and their facilities to raise hogs produced from our breeding stock. Under multi-year contracts
 a farmer provides the initial facility investment
 labor and front line management in exchange for a service fee. In 
Our Hog Production segment competes in a highly competitive marketplace in which only the best and most competitive firms can expect to make a reasonable and regular profit.   We consider our hog production business a leader in this field.  Therefore
Feed makes up more than 65% of the production cost of hogs.  In many cases
 our hogs are produced in regions having higher cost grains.  This location disadvantage could
 in the absence of extra efforts
To that end
 we take an active role in the physical markets for grain and other feed ingredients throughout the world.  These efforts range from buying lower cost corn from local farmers around any of our feed mills to importing grain or soybean meal from South America.   In doing so
The International segment includes our meat processing and distribution operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom
 our interests in meat processing operations in Mexico
 our hog production operations located in Poland and Romania
 our interests in hog production operations in Mexico
 and our former investment in CFG. Our international meat processing operations produce a wide variety of fresh pork
 poultry and packaged meats products
 including cooked hams
 sausages
 hot dogs
The following table shows the percentages of International segment revenues derived from packaged meats
January 3
December&#160;28
April 29 - December 29
April 28
Includes feathers
The International segment has sales denominated in foreign currencies and
 as a result
Feed grains
 including corn
 soybean meal and wheat
 are the primary raw materials of our hog production operations. These grains are readily available from numerous sources at competitive prices. We generally purchase corn and soybean meal through forward purchase contracts. Historically
 grain prices have been subject to significant fluctuations
Live hogs are the primary raw materials of the Fresh Pork segment. Historically
 hog prices have been subject to substantial fluctuations. Hog supplies
 and consequently prices
 are affected by factors such as corn and soybean meal prices
. In addition
 we have established multi-year agreements with several suppliers
Like the Fresh Pork segment
A substantial portion of the fresh meat processed by the Packaged Meats segment is transferred from the Fresh Pork segment.  We also purchase fresh pork from other meat processors to supplement our processing requirements. Additional purchases include raw beef
 poultry and other meat products that are added to sausages
 hot dogs and luncheon meats. Those meat products and other materials and supplies
 including seasonings
 smoking and curing agents
 sausage casings and packaging materials
Our hog production facilities have been designed to meet or exceed all applicable zoning and other government regulations. These regulations require
 among other things
 maintenance of separation distances between farms and nearby residences
 schools
 churches
 public use areas
 businesses
 rivers
Hog production facilities generate significant quantities of manure
 which must be managed properly to protect public health and the environment. We believe that we use the best technologies currently available and economically feasible for the management of swine manure
 which require permits under state
 and in some instances
 federal law. The permits impose standards and conditions on the design and operation of the systems to protect public health and the environment
 and can also impose nutrient management planning requirements depending on the type of system utilized. The most common system of swine manure management employed by our hog production facilities is the lagoon and spray field system
We follow a number of other policies and protocols to reduce the impact of our hog production operations on the environment
We have significant market presence
 both domestically and internationally
 where we sell our meat products to national and regional supermarket chains
 wholesale distributors
 the foodservice industry (fast food
 restaurant and hotel chains
 hospitals and other institutional customers)
 export markets and other further processors. We use both in-house salespersons as well as independent commission brokers to sell our products. In 
3
&#32;customers
 none of whom accounted for as much as 10% of consolidated revenues. We have no significant or seasonally variable backlog because most customers prefer to order products shortly before shipment and
 therefore
We use a combination of private fleets of leased tractor trailers and independent common carriers and owner operators to distribute live hogs and meat products to our customers
 as well as to move raw materials between plants for further processing. We coordinate deliveries and use backhauling to reduce overall transportation costs. In the U.S.
 we distribute products directly from some of our plants and from leased distribution centers primarily in Missouri
 Pennsylvania
 North Carolina
 Virginia
 Kansas
 Wisconsin
 Indiana
 Illinois
 California
 Iowa
 Nebraska and Texas. We also operate distribution centers adjacent to our plants in Bladen County
 North Carolina
 Sioux Falls
 South Dakota and Crete
 Nebraska. Internationally
We own and use numerous marks
 which are registered trademarks or are otherwise subject to protection under applicable intellectual property laws. We consider these marks and the accompanying goodwill and customer recognition valuable and material to our business. We believe that registered trademarks have been important to the success of our branded fresh pork and packaged meats products. In a number of markets
The meat processing business is somewhat seasonal in that
 traditionally
 the periods of higher sales for hams are the holiday seasons such as Christmas
 Easter and Thanksgiving
 and the periods of higher sales for smoked sausages
 hot dogs and luncheon meats are the summer months.  We typically build substantial inventories of hams in anticipation of our seasonal holiday business. In addition
The protein industry is highly competitive. Our products compete with a large number of other protein sources
 including chicken
 beef and seafood
We believe that the principal competitive factors in the pork processing industry are price
 product quality and innovation
 product distribution and brand loyalty. Some of our competitors are more diversified than us
 especially now that we have sold our beef and turkey operations. To the extent that their other operations generate profits
 these more diversified competitors may be able to support their meat processing operations during periods of low or negative profitability.&#160;
 
 
 
eight months ended December 29
twelve months ended April 28
 2013
Financial information for each reportable segment
 including revenues and operating profit
We are exposed to market risks primarily from changes in commodity prices
 as well as interest rates and foreign exchange rates. To mitigate these risks
Like other participants in the industry
 we are subject to various laws and regulations administered by federal
 state and other government entities
 including the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and corresponding state agencies
 as well as the United States Department of Agriculture
 the Grain Inspection
 Packers and Stockyard Administration
 the United States Food and Drug Administration
 the United States Occupational Safety and Health Administration
From time to time
 we receive notices and inquiries from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with particular laws and regulations. In some instances
 litigation ensues. In addition
Many of our facilities are subject to environmental permits and other regulatory requirements
 violations of which are subject to civil and criminal sanction. In some cases
We use internationally recognized management systems to manage many of our regulatory programs. For example
 we use the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 14001:2004 standard to manage and optimize environmental performance
 and we were the first in the industry to achieve ISO 14001:2004 certification for our hog production and processing facilities. ISO guidelines require a long-term management plan integrating regular third-party audits
 goal setting
 corrective action
 documentation
 and executive review. Our Environmental Management System (EMS)
 which conforms to the ISO 14001:2004 standard
 addresses the significant environmental aspects of our operations
 provides employee training programs and facilitates engagement with local communities and regulators. Most importantly
 the EMS allows the collection
In March 2011
 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit overturned&#160;EPA's November 2008&#160;rule requiring&#160;that&#160;confined animal feeding operations&#160;(CAFOs)&#160;that &#8220;discharge or propose to discharge&#8221; apply for&#160;permit coverage under the Clean Water Act's&#160;National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES). The&#160;Fifth Circuit's decision (which held that only discharging CAFOs have a duty to apply for NPDES permit coverage)&#160;has clarified the extent of our&#160;obligations under the NPDES permit program.&#160;EPA has not yet proposed or finalized a rule in response to the Fifth Circuit's decision
During calendar year 2002
 the National Academy of Sciences (the Academy) undertook a study at EPA's request to assist EPA in considering possible future regulation of air emissions from animal feeding operations. The Academy's study identified a need for more research and better information
 but also recommended implementing without delay technically and economically feasible management practices to decrease emissions. Further
 our hog production subsidiaries have accepted EPA's offer to enter into an administrative consent agreement and order with owners and operators of hog farms and other animal production operations. Under the terms of the consent agreement and order
 participating owners and operators agreed to pay a penalty
 contribute towards the cost of an air emissions monitoring study and make their farms available for monitoring. In return
 participating farms have been given immunity from federal civil enforcement actions alleging violations of air emissions requirements under certain federal statutes
 including the Clean Air Act. Pursuant to our consent agreement and order
 we paid a $100
000 penalty to EPA. Premium Standard Farm
 Inc.'s (PSF's) (now Murphy-Brown of Missouri LLC's ) Texas farms and company-owned farms in North Carolina also agreed to participate in this program. The National Pork Board
 of which we are a member and financial contributor
 paid the costs of the air emissions monitoring study on behalf of all hog producers
 including us
 out of funds collected from its members in previous years. The cost of the study for all hog producers was approximately $6.0 million. Monitoring under the study began in the spring 2007 and ended&#160;in the winter 2010.  In March 2012
 EPA made available draft emission estimation methodologies for broilers and swine and dairy feeding operations for public comment.&#160; Soon thereafter
 EPA also submitted the draft emission estimation methodologies to EPA&#8217;s Science Advisory Board (&#8220;SAB&#8221;) for review and comment.&#160; In its April 19
 2013 report to EPA
In calendar year 2009
 EPA finalized its Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases (GHGs) rule
 which requires owners or operators of certain facilities (including facilities that contain a manure management system) that emit at least 25
000 metric tons or more of GHGs per year to report their emissions. Although EPA has not been implementing the rule as it applies to manure management systems due to a congressional restriction prohibiting the expenditure of funds for this purpose
 there is no assurance that this prohibition will not be lifted in the future. Should that occur
 the rule would impose additional costs on our hog production operations; however
The EPA finalized regulations in calendar year 2010 under the Clean Air Act
 which may trigger new source review and permitting requirements for certain sources of GHG emissions. Beginning in early 2011
 when GHG emissions standards for light-duty vehicles took effect
 permits issued under the Clean Air Act permitting programs for large stationary sources of air pollution
 the Prevention of Significant Deterioration (PSD) and the Title V Operating Permit Programs
 must address GHGs.&#160; In April 2012
 EPA issued the GHG Tailoring Rule to ensure that only the largest sources of GHGs
 those responsible for 70% of the GHG pollution from stationary sources
As in virtually every industry
 GHG emissions occur at several points across our operations
 including production
 transportation and processing. Compliance with future legislation
 if any
 and compliance with currently evolving regulation of GHGs by EPA and the states may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures
 and operating costs. In the event that any future compliance requirements at any of our facilities require more than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor emissions and improve our energy efficiency
As an agriculture-based company
 changes to the climate and weather patterns could also affect key inputs to our business as the result of shifts in temperatures
 water availability
 precipitation
 and other factors. Both the cost and availability of corn and other feed crops
 for example
 could be affected.&#160;The regulation or taxation of carbon emissions could also affect the prices of commodities
 energy
 and other inputs to our business.&#160;We believe there could also be opportunities for us as a result of heightened interest in alternative energy sources
 including those derived from manure
 and participation in carbon markets.&#160;However
 it is not possible at this time to predict the complete structure or outcome of any future legislative efforts to address GHG emissions and climate change
 whether EPA's regulatory efforts will survive court challenge
From time to time we receive notices from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with certain environmental laws and regulations. In some instances
In March 2006
 we entered into a consent decree that settled two citizen lawsuits alleging among other things violations of certain environmental laws. The consent decree provides
 among other things
 that our subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown LLC
 will undertake a series of measures designed to enhance the performance of the swine waste management systems on approximately 244 company-owned farms in North Carolina and thereby reduce the potential for surface water or ground water contamination from these farms. Murphy-Brown has successfully completed&#160;a number&#160;of the measures called for in the&#160;consent decree&#160;and&#160;expects to&#160;fulfill its remaining&#160;consent decree obligations over the next 12 to 24 months
Prior to our acquisition of PSF
 it had entered into a consent judgment with the State of Missouri and a consent decree with the federal government and a citizens group. The judgment and decree generally required that PSF pay penalties to settle past alleged regulatory violations
 utilize new technologies to reduce nitrogen in the material that it applies to farm fields and research
PSF has also completed a number of the measures called for in the federal consent decree
In July 2000
 in furtherance of our continued commitment to responsible environmental stewardship
 we and our North Carolina-based hog production subsidiaries voluntarily entered into an agreement with the Attorney General of North Carolina (the Agreement) designed to enhance water quality in the State of North Carolina through a series of initiatives to be undertaken by us and our subsidiaries while protecting access to swine operations in North Carolina. One of the features of the Agreement reflects our commitment to preserving and enhancing the environment of eastern North Carolina by providing a total of $50.0 million to assist in the preservation of wetlands and other natural areas in eastern North Carolina and to promote similar environmental enhancement activities. We began annual contributions of $2.0 million in fiscal 2001
More than a decade ago
 Smithfield developed and implemented a comprehensive
 systematic animal care management program to monitor and measure the well-being of pigs on company-owned and contract farms.  Developed in consultation with two of the world's foremost experts in animal behavior and handling
 this system continues to guide our operations today.  Our animal care management program guides the proper and humane care of our animals at every stage of their lives
shelter that is designed
 maintained
Several years ago
 we volunteered to provide input and recommendations to help the National Pork Board enhance its animal care management program for all pork producers. That program
 which includes many of the tenets of our own guidelines
 became the National Pork Board's Pork Quality Assurance Plus (PQA Plus&#174;) program. A pork producer becomes PQA Plus certified only after staff attend training sessions on good production practices (which includes topics such as responsible animal handling
 disease prevention
 biosecurity
 responsible antibiotic use
Smithfield was also one of the founding adopters of the National Pork Board's &#8220;We Care&#8221; program
At all of our slaughter facilities
Our plants all have developed quality programs following the standards set in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Process Verified Program (PVP)
 as described elsewhere in this report. Our PVP programs monitor aspects of traceability
 country of origin
 PQA Plus&#174; adherence on farms
In January 2007
 we announced a voluntary
 ten-year program to phase out individual gestation stalls at our company-owned sow farms and replace the gestation stalls with group pens. We currently estimate the total cost of our transition to group pens to be approximately $360.0 million
 including associated maintenance and repairs. This program represents a significant financial commitment and reflects our desire to be more animal friendly
 as well as to address the concerns and needs of our customers. As of the end of 2015
 we had completed conversions to group housing for over 82% of our sows on company-owned farms. We remain on track to finish conversion to group housing for all sows on company-owned farms by the end of 2017. Worldwide
 we have pledged to convert all company sow farms by 2022.  Our hog production operations in Poland and Romania completed their conversions to group housing facilities a number of years ago
In January 2014
The following table shows the approximate number of our employees and the approximate number of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements or that are members of labor unions in each segment
January&#160;3
33
18
11
5
50
19
2
. The information on our website is not part of this annual report. Our annual report on Form 10-K
 transition report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. You may read and copy documents we file at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains a website that contains transition
 annual
 quarterly and current reports and other information that issuers and voluntary reporting companies
 like us
The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The risk factors below represent what we believe are the known material risk factors with respect to us and our business. Any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business
 operations
 industry
We are largely dependent on the cost and supply of hogs and feed ingredients and the selling price of our products and competing protein products
competing demand for corn for use in the manufacture of ethanol or other alternative fuels
environmental and conservation regulations
import and export restrictions such as trade barriers resulting from
 among other things
 food safety concerns and developments in international relations
economic conditions
weather
 including the impact of weather on our water supply and the availability and pricing of grains
energy prices
 including the effect of changes in energy prices on our transportation costs and the cost of feed
We cannot assure you that all or part of any increased costs experienced by us from time to time can be passed along to consumers of our products
Hog prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years
 changing market supply and demand of hogs on the market. These fluctuations can be significant
 as shown in recent years
&#32;per hundredweight in 2015.  Further
 hog raising costs are largely dependent on the fluctuations of commodity prices for corn and other feed ingredients. For example
When hog prices are lower than our hog production costs which occurred in 2015
 our non-vertically integrated competitors (i.e.
Additionally
 commodity pork prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years
 reflecting changes in the supply of fresh pork and competing animal proteins on the market
We attempt to manage certain of these risks through the use of our risk management and hedging programs. However
 these programs may also limit our ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations. Additionally
Outbreaks of disease among or attributed to livestock can significantly affect production
 the supply of raw materials
We take precautions to ensure that our livestock are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a sanitary manner. Nevertheless
 we are subject to risks relating to our ability to maintain animal health and control diseases. Livestock health problems could adversely impact our production
From time to time
 we have experienced outbreaks of livestock diseases and we may experience additional occurrences of disease in the future. Disease can reduce the number of offspring produced
 hamper the growth of livestock to finished size
 result in expensive vaccination programs and require in some cases the destruction of infected livestock
 any of which could adversely affect our production or ability to sell or export our products.  For example
 during 2013
Adverse publicity concerning any disease or health concern could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products
 particularly as we expand our branded pork products. In addition to risks associated with maintaining the health of our livestock
 any outbreak of disease elsewhere in the U.S. or in other countries could reduce consumer confidence in the meat products affected by the particular disease
 generate adverse publicity
Outbreaks of disease among or attributed to livestock also may have indirect consequences that adversely affect our business. For example
 past outbreaks of avian influenza in various parts of the world reduced the global demand for poultry and thus created a temporary surplus of poultry both domestically and internationally. This poultry surplus placed downward pressure on poultry prices
 which in turn reduced meat prices including pork prices both in the U.S. and internationally.  The occurrence of similar events in the future could materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition
Our operations are subject to the general risks associated with the food industry
We are subject to risks affecting the food industry generally
food spoilage
food contamination
food allergens
evolving consumer preferences and nutritional and health-related concerns
consumer product liability claims
product tampering
product labeling errors
the expense and possible unavailability of product liability insurance
Negative publicity relating to our products
 brands
 operations
 industry or products similar to ours may adversely affect consumer perceptions of our products and result in decreased demand for our products.  In particular
 negative publicity relating to one of our core brands may be particularly harmful since we face risks from brand concentration.  Adverse publicity concerning any perceived or real health risk associated with our brands or our products could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products
 which could adversely affect our ability to sell our reputation
 business
 financial condition
 results of operation and prospects
 particularly as we expand our branded products business. We could also be adversely affected by perceived or real health risks associated with similar products produced by others to the extent such risks cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of such products generally and
 therefore
 lead customers to opt for other meat options that are perceived as safe. The A(H1N1) influenza outbreak that occurred in late fiscal 2009 and early fiscal 2010 illustrates the adverse impact that can result from perceived health risks associated with the products we sell. Although the CDC and other regulatory and scientific bodies indicated that people cannot get A(H1N1) influenza from eating cooked pork or pork products
Our products are susceptible to contamination by disease producing organisms or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella
 Campylobacter and generic E. coli. Because these organisms and pathogens are generally found in the environment
 there is a risk that one or more
 as a result of food processing
 could be present in our products. We have systems in place designed to monitor food safety risks throughout all stages of our vertically integrated process. However
 we cannot assure you that such systems
 even when working effectively
 will eliminate the risks related to food safety. These organisms and pathogens can also be introduced to our products as a result of improper handling in transportation or at the further processing
 foodservice or consumer level. In addition to the risks caused by our processing operations and the subsequent handling of the products
 we may encounter the same risks if any third party tampers with our products. We could be required to recall certain of our products in the event of contamination or adverse test results. Any product contamination also could subject us to product liability claims
 adverse publicity and government scrutiny
 investigation or intervention
 resulting in increased costs and decreased sales as customers lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products. Any of these events could have an adverse impact on our reputation
 business
 financial condition
Our manufacturing facilities and products
 including the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our products
 are subject to extensive federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations in the food safety area
 including regular government inspections and governmental food processing controls. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting current product demand
 introducing new products
 building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results. If we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations
 particularly if it relates to or compromises food safety
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or asset seizures
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
 results of operations and prospects.  In addition
Our past and present business operations and properties are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations pertaining to protection of the environment
the treatment and&#160;discharge of materials into the environment
Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any future changes to them may result in significant consequences to us
 including administrative
 civil and criminal penalties
 liability for damages and negative publicity. Some requirements applicable to us may also be enforced by citizen groups or other third parties. Natural disasters
 such as flooding and hurricanes
 can cause the discharge of effluents or other waste into the environment
 potentially resulting in our being subject to further liability claims and governmental regulation as has occurred in the past. See &#8220;Item 1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221; for further discussion of regulatory compliance as it relates to environmental risk. We have incurred
 and will continue to incur
We also face the risk of lawsuits even if we are operating in compliance with applicable regulations. For example
 26 nuisance suits seeking recovery of an unspecified amount of compensatory
 special and punitive damages are currently pending against our subsidiary Murphy-Brown in North Carolina. See &#8220;Item 3. Legal Proceedings--North Carolina Nuisance Litigation&#8221; for additional details. Although the Company believes that the claims are unfounded and intends to defend the suits vigorously
 we cannot assure you that we will be successful
 that additional nuisance claims will not arise in the future
In addition
 new environmental issues could arise that would cause currently unanticipated investigations
Governmental authorities may take further action restricting our ability to produce and/or sell livestock or adopt new regulations impacting our production or processing operations
A number of states
 including Iowa and Missouri
 have adopted legislation that prohibits or restricts the ability of meat packers
 or in some cases corporations generally
 from owning livestock or engaging in farming. In addition
 Congress has in the past considered federal legislation that would ban meat packers from owning livestock. We cannot assure you that such or similar legislation affecting our operations will not be adopted at the federal or state levels in the future. Such legislation
 if adopted and applicable to our current operations and not successfully challenged or settled
In fiscal 2008
January&#160;3
 2016
&#32;for leases that were transferred to JBS S.A. in connection with the sale of Smithfield Beef
 Inc.; and
&#32;(the Inventory Revolver)
 (2) our accounts receivable securitization facility with capacity up to 
Because the borrowing capacity under the Inventory Revolver and Securitization Facility depends
 in part
 on inventory and accounts receivable levels
 respectively
 which fluctuate from time to time
Our indebtedness may increase from time to time for various reasons
 including fluctuations in operating results
 working capital needs
 capital expenditures and potential acquisitions or joint ventures. In addition
 due to the volatile nature of the commodities markets
 we may have to borrow significant amounts to cover any margin calls under our risk management and hedging programs. During 
it may
 together with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness
 limit or impair our ability in the future to obtain financing
 refinance any of our indebtedness
 sell assets or raise equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all
 which could cause us to default on our obligations and materially impair our liquidity
a downgrade in our credit rating could restrict or impede our ability to access capital markets at attractive rates and increase the cost of future borrowings
it may reduce our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to take advantage of business opportunities that may arise
a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to interest payments on our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes
 which amount would increase if prevailing interest rates rise
substantially all of our working capital assets in the United States secure the Inventory Revolver and the Securitization Facility
 all of which could limit our ability to dispose of such assets or utilize the proceeds of such dispositions and
 upon an event of default under any such secured indebtedness
 the lenders thereunder could foreclose upon our pledged assets
Further
 our debt agreements
 under certain circumstances
 may limit additional borrowings
 investments
 the payment of dividends
 the acquisition or disposition of assets
 mergers and consolidations
 transactions with affiliates
Should market conditions deteriorate
 or our operating results be depressed in the future
 we may have to request amendments or waivers to our covenants and restrictions under our debt agreements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such relief should it be needed in the future. A breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default that would permit our senior lenders
 including lenders under the Inventory Revolver
 the Securitization Facility
 the Rabobank term loan (Rabobank Term Loan) and the holders of our senior unsecured notes
 as the case may be
 to declare all amounts outstanding under the Inventory Revolver
 the Securitization Facility
 the Rabobank Term Loan or the senior unsecured notes to be due and payable
 together with accrued and unpaid interest
 and the commitments of the relevant lenders to make further extensions of credit under the Inventory Revolver and the Securitization Facility could be terminated. If we were unable to repay our secured indebtedness to our lenders
 these lenders could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness
Our future ability to comply with financial covenants and other conditions
 make scheduled payments of principal and interest
 or refinance existing borrowings depends on future business performance which is subject to economic
 financial
 competitive and other factors
 including the other risks set forth in this Item 1A.  Any failure to comply with the covenants of our debt agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition
From time to time we review opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. We have also pursued and may in the future pursue strategic growth through investment in joint ventures. These acquisitions and investments may involve large transactions or realignment of existing investments. These transactions present financial
 managerial and operational challenges
diversion of management attention from managing our existing business
difficulty with integrating businesses
 operations
 personnel and financial and other systems
lack of experience in operating in the geographical or product markets of the acquired business
increased levels of debt potentially leading to associated reduction in ratings of our debt securities and adverse impact on our various financial ratios
the requirement that we periodically review the value at which we carry our investments in joint ventures and
 in the event we determine that the value at which we carry a joint venture investment has been impaired
 the requirement to record a non-cash impairment charge
 which charge could substantially affect our reported earnings in the period of such charge
 would negatively impact our financial ratios and could limit our ability to obtain financing in the future
potential loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business
assumption of and exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of acquired businesses
potential disputes with the sellers
for our investments
 potential lack of common business goals and strategies with
 and cooperation of
In addition
Our numerous equity investments in joint ventures
 partnerships and other entities
 both within and outside the U.S.
 are periodically involved in modifying and amending their credit facilities and loan agreements. The ability of these entities to refinance or amend their facilities on a successful and satisfactory basis
 and to comply with the covenants in their financing facilities
January&#160;3
 2016
 none of our equity investments represented more than 5% of our total consolidated assets. If we determine in the future that an investment is impaired
 we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge
 which could substantially affect our reported earnings in the period of such charge. In addition
. We conduct foreign operations in Poland
 Romania and the United Kingdom and export our products to more than 40 countries. In addition
January&#160;3
 2016
&#32;of our long-lived assets were associated with our foreign operations. Because of the growing market share of U.S. pork products in the international markets
Our international sales
general economic and political conditions
imposition of tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers and other trade protection measures imposed by foreign countries
import or export licensing requirements imposed by various foreign countries
the closing of borders by foreign countries to the import of our products due to
 among other things
 animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues
difficulties and costs associated with complying with
 and enforcing remedies under
 a wide variety of complex domestic and international laws
 treaties and regulations
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
different regulatory structures and unexpected changes in regulatory environments
tax rates that may exceed those in the United States and earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements and incremental taxes upon repatriation
potentially negative consequences from changes in tax laws
distribution costs
Furthermore
fluctuations in currency values
 which have affected
 among other things
 the costs of our investments in foreign operations
translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars
Negative consequences relating to these risks and uncertainties could jeopardize or limit our ability to transact business in one or more of those markets where we operate or in other developing markets and could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
We are involved on an ongoing basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims related to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
 securities or environmental matters. Moreover
 the process of litigating cases
 even if we are successful
 may be costly
 and may approximate the cost of damages sought. These actions could also expose us to adverse publicity
 which might adversely affect our brands
 reputation and/or customer preference for our products and distract management from other tasks. Litigation trends and expenses and the outcome of litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends
 expenses and outcomes could adversely affect our business
 financial condition
We depend on availability of
 and satisfactory relations with
January&#160;3
 2016
50
&#32;employees
19
&#32;of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements or are members of labor unions. Our operations depend on the availability
 retention and relative costs of labor and maintaining satisfactory relations with employees and the labor unions. Further
 employee shortages can and do occur
 particularly in rural areas where some of our operations are located. Labor relations issues arise from time to time
 including issues in connection with union efforts to represent employees at our plants and with the negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements. If we fail to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees or with the labor unions
 we may experience labor strikes
 work stoppages or other labor disputes. Negotiation of collective bargaining agreements also could result in higher ongoing labor costs. In addition
 the discovery by us or governmental authorities of undocumented workers
 as has occurred in the past
 could result in our having to attempt to replace those workers
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the U.S. Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted
 such laws may contain provisions that could increase our costs in recruiting
 training and retaining employees and increase our costs of complying with federal law in reviewing employees' immigration status.  Furthermore
There can be no assurance that these activities or consequences will not adversely affect our business
 financial condition
. We do not have long-term sales agreements (other than to certain third-party hog customers) or other contractual assurances as to future sales to these major customers. In addition
 continued consolidation within the retail industry
 including among supermarkets
 warehouse clubs and food distributors
 has resulted in an increasingly concentrated retail base and increased our credit exposure to certain customers. Our business could be materially adversely affected and suffer significant set-backs in sales and operating income from the loss of some of our larger customers or if our larger customers' plans
 markets
Goodwill is recorded at fair value and is not amortized
 but is reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In evaluating the potential for impairment of goodwill
 we make assumptions regarding future operating performance
 business trends
 and market and economic conditions. Such analyses further require us to make judgmental assumptions about sales
 operating margins
 growth rates
 and discount rates. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and to management's judgment in applying these factors to the assessment of goodwill recoverability. Goodwill reviews are prepared using estimates of the fair value of reporting units based on market multiples of EBITDA (earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization) and/or on the estimated present value of future cash flows. We could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill prior to the annual assessment if we experience disruptions to the business
 unexpected significant declines in operating results
Impairment charges could substantially affect our reported earnings in the periods of such charges. In addition
January&#160;3
 2016
&#32;of goodwill
Our business may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions
 including inflation
 interest rates
 availability of and access to capital markets
 consumer spending rates
Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for our products or the cost and availability of our needed raw materials
 cooking ingredients and packaging materials
Disruptions and instability in credit and other financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions
 could
impair the financial condition of some of our customers
 suppliers or counterparties to our derivative instruments
 thereby increasing customer bad debts
negatively impact global demand for our products
 which could result in a reduction of sales
decrease the value of our investments in equity and debt securities
 including our company-owned life insurance and pension plan assets
The following table lists our material plants and other physical properties. Based on a five day week
589
&#32;pounds
January&#160;3
 2016
 the average weekly domestic capacity utilization for pork slaughter and packaged meats was 
Bladen&#160;County
Smithfield
Kinston
Production of boneless cooked hams
Clinton
Wilson
Sioux Falls
Springdale
Sioux City
St. Charles
Omaha
Peru
Junction City
Mason City
St. James
Crete
Monmouth
Denison
Milan
Wichita
Lincoln
Grayson
Martin City
Cudahy
Production of bacon
Szczecin
Starachowice
Elk
Morliny
Ilawa
Suwalki
Opole
Debica
Timisoara
Slaughtering
Smithfield
The Hog Production segment owns and leases numerous hog production and grain storage facilities
 as well as feedmills
 mainly in North Carolina
 Utah
 Missouri
 Iowa
 Colorado and Virginia
 with additional facilities in Oklahoma
 Texas
 Illinois
 South Carolina
 Pennsylvania
Also
 the International segment owns and leases numerous hog production and grain storage facilities
 as well as feedmills
We and certain of our subsidiaries are parties to the environmental litigation matters discussed in &#8220;Item&#160;1. Business&#8212;Regulation&#8221; above. Apart from those matters and the matters listed below
 we and our affiliates are parties to various lawsuits arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management
In July
 August and September 2013
 25 complaints were filed in the Superior Court of Wake County
 North Carolina by 479 individual plaintiffs against Smithfield and our wholly owned subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown
In August
 September and October 2014
 25 complaints were filed in the Eastern District of North Carolina by 515 individual plaintiffs against our wholly owned subsidiary
 Murphy-Brown
 alleging causes of action for nuisance and related claims. The complaints stemmed from the nuisance cases previously filed in the Superior Court of Wake County.  On February 23
 2015
 all 25 complaints were amended
 one complaint was severed into two separate actions
 and several additional plaintiffs were joined
 bringing the total number of plaintiffs to 541.  On June 29
 2015
 the Court granted Murphy-Brown's motion to strike certain allegations in the complaints
 and plaintiffs subsequently amended all 26 complaints pursuant to the Court's order.  Ten plaintiffs dismissed their claims without prejudice.  Murphy-Brown filed its answers and affirmative defenses to all 26 complaints on August 31
 2015
 and the parties are engaging in discovery.  During discovery
 several additional plaintiffs dismissed their claims.  The 26 currently pending complaints include claims on behalf of 516 plaintiffs and relate to approximately 14 company-owned and 75 contract farms. All 26 complaints include causes of action for temporary nuisance and negligence and seek recovery of an unspecified amount of compensatory
From time to time we receive notices from regulatory authorities and others asserting that we are not in compliance with certain environmental laws and regulations. In some instances
On March 13
 2014
 the Neuse Riverkeeper Foundation and Waterkeeper Alliance submitted a 60-day Notice of Intent (NOI) to file a citizen suit against the Company
 our wholly owned subsidiary Murphy-Brown
 a contract grower
 the landowner
 and certain individual employees of either Murphy-Brown or the contract grower related to alleged violations of the Clean Water Act at a hog farm in Greene County
The following table shows the name and age
 position and business experience during the past five years of each of our executive officers. Our board of directors (the Board or Board of Directors) elects executive officers to hold office until the next annual meeting of the Board
Mr. Sullivan was elected Chief Executive Officer effective December 31
 2015.  He served as Chief Operating Officer from October 2015 to December 2015 and elected President effective October 1
 2015.  He served as Chief Financial Officer from 2013 to October 2015 and elected Executive Vice President effective March 1
 2015.  He served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from 2012 to 2013
 Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer from 2010 to 2012
Executive Vice President
Mr. Nunziata was elected Chief Financial Officer effective October 1
 2015.  Mr. Nunziata most recently served as a Partner in Assurance Services at Ernst &amp; Young
Executive Vice President
Mr. Thamodaran was elected Chief Strategy Officer in February 2016 and was elected as an Executive Vice President in July 2011. He was named Senior Vice President and Chief Commodity Hedging Officer in June 2008. Prior to these appointments
 Mr. Thamodaran served as Vice President
President
Mr. Sebring was elected President
 Packaged Meats Division effective March 1
President
President
Mr. Saunders was elected President
 Fresh Pork Division
 effective March 1
President
Mr. Schmidt was elected President
 Hog Production Division
 effective March 1
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
Prior to the Merger
 our common stock was listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SFD.  As a result of the  Merger
 our common stock ceased to be traded on the New York Stock Exchange after close of market on September 26
 2013.  Smithfield Foods
 Inc. is wholly owned by a subsidiary of WH Group.
&#32;dividend to WH Group.   Subject to the limitations in certain of our debt agreements
On September 26
 2013
 we were acquired by an indirect subsidiary of WH Group in a merger transaction accounted for as a business combination. Unless the context otherwise requires
 all references to &#8220;Successor&#8221; refer to Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and all its subsidiaries for the period subsequent to the Merger.  All references to &#8220;Predecessor&#8221; refer to Smithfield Foods
 Inc. and all its subsidiaries for all periods prior to the Merger.  In addition
 the Merger was accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting
eight months ended December 29
) have been derived from our audited consolidated financial statements
, as defined in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8212;Results of Operations&#8212;Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations
31367 (May 24, 2013) (the 2013 Rule). The 2013 Rule requires, in part, that labels on covered meat products must list separately, in sequence, the specific country where the animal was born
 the country where it was raised
 and the country where it was slaughtered. The rule also prohibits combining or commingling of meats with different Born
 Raised
Gross profit increased primarily as a result of higher average selling prices and lower hog raising costs, which more than offset the increase in pork processing raw material costs.  As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations--WH Group Merger
Gross profit decreased primarily as the result of an 8% increase in domestic live hog prices. As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations--WH Group Merger
As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations
As noted in Significant Events Affecting Results of Operations
In May 2015
&#32;Rabobank Term Loan and extended its maturity date from May 1
 2018 to May 1
Smithfield Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (Smithfield
 the Company
 we
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be in critical status and is generally less than 65% funded. A rehabilitation plan, as required under the IRC, must be adopted by plans in the red zone. Plan participants may be responsible for the payment of surcharges, in addition to the contribution rate specified in the applicable collective bargaining agreement, for a plan in critical status
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be in endangered status and is generally less than 80% funded. A funding improvement plan
 as required under the IRC
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be neither in critical status nor in endangered status
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Organization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Smithfield Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (Smithfield
 the Company
 we
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:none;&gt;PENSION AND OTHER RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Company Sponsored Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We provide the majority of our U.S. employees with pension benefits. Salaried employees are provided benefits based on years of service and average salary levels. Hourly employees are provided benefits of stated amounts for each year of service.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents a reconciliation of the pension benefit obligation, plan assets and the funded status of these pension plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=74% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in benefit obligation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,815.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,653.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(109.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(154.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(43.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;254.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Past service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,783.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,815.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Change in plan assets: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,122.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Actual return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Employer contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;167.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(69.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Benefits paid &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(81.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(128.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,322.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:100px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Funded status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(460.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(601.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;height:18px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net long-term pension liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(431.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(574.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(30.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(26.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:68px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amount recognized at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(460.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(601.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Excludes the assets and related activity of our non-qualified defined benefit pension plans. The fair value of assets related to our non-qualified plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$111.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$107.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively. We made &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$31.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$6.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; of cash contributions to our non-qualified plans in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively.  Benefits paid for our non-qualified plans were &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$28.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;$26.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;, respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.7&amp;#160;billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for all&amp;#160;of our&amp;#160;defined benefit pension plans exceeded the fair value of plan assets for all periods presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-left:4px;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows the pre-tax unrecognized items included as components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) related to our defined benefit pension plans as of the dates indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.6328125%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=77% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=8% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(252.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(193.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Unrecognized prior service credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We expect to recognize &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$11.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; million of the actuarial loss and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$2.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the prior service credit in net periodic pension cost in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the components of the net periodic pension cost for the periods indicated:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:99.8046875%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=20 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=36% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;January 3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=19 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;57.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;84.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;74.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(95.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(85.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(19.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(35.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(78.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Settlement loss &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net periodic pension cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;A settlement loss was recognized during 2014 as the result of terminated vested participants in our qualified plans electing an early cash payout.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table shows our weighted average assumptions for the periods indicated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=46% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Successor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Predecessor&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;January 3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December 28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;September 27 - December 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April 29 - September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;April&amp;#160;28, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate to determine net periodic benefit cost &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:7pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Discount rate to determine benefit obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.70&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.45&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Rate of compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-left:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:8pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;sup style=vertical-align:top;line-height:120%;font-size:5pt&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;We performed an interim remeasurement of our plan obligations and assets as of June 26, 2015.  The discount rate used to determine net periodic benefit cost was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for the first half of 2015 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;4.8%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt; for the second half of 2015. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We use an independent third-party actuary to assist in the determination of assumptions used and the measurement of our pension obligation and related costs. We review and select the discount rate to be used in connection with our pension obligation annually. In determining the discount rate, we used a hypothetical model that used the yield on corporate bonds (rated AA or better) that coincides with the cash flows of the plans&amp;#8217; estimated benefit payouts. The model uses a yield curve approach to discount each cash flow of the liability stream at an interest rate specifically applicable to the timing of each respective cash flow. Using imputed interest rates, the model sums the present value of each cash flow stream to calculate an equivalent weighted average discount rate. We use this resulting weighted average discount rate&amp;#160;to determine our&amp;#160;final discount rate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In 2014 we began to use a new mortality table that has the flexibility to consider industry specific groups, such as blue collar or white collar.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;To determine the expected long-term return on plan assets, we consider the current and anticipated asset allocations, as well as historical and estimated returns on various categories of plan assets.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Long-term trends are evaluated relative to market factors such as inflation, interest rates and fiscal and monetary polices in order to assess the capital market assumptions. Over the 5-year period ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, the average rate of return on plan assets was approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6.75%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;9.81%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively.  Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, affect expense in future periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pension plan assets may be invested in cash and cash equivalents, equities, commingled funds, debt securities and alternative investments. Our investment policy for the pension plans is to balance risk and return through a diversified portfolio of high-quality equity and fixed income securities. Equity targets for the pension plans are as indicated in the following table. Maturity for fixed income securities is managed such that sufficient liquidity exists to meet near-term benefit payment obligations. The plans retain outside investment advisors to manage plan investments within parameters established by our plan trustees.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents the fair value of our qualified pension plan assets by major asset category as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The allocation of our pension plan assets is based on the target range presented in the following table.&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:98.4375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=65% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;January&amp;#160;3, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;December&amp;#160;28, &lt;br clear=none/&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Target&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Range&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Asset category:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:24px;text-indent:-24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash and cash equivalents, net of unsettled transactions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;94.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;103.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0-4%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;502.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;459.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30-50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Debt securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;627.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;555.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35-55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:36px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Alternative assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:12px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5-20%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:60px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,322.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1,214.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;See Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for additional information about the fair value of our pension assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We do not expect to have a funding requirement in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for our qualified pension plans. See Note &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;for additional information about contributions made subsequent to year-end. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Expected future benefit payments for our defined benefit pension plans are as follows:&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=5 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=32% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=56% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=10% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;83.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;87.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;91.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2021-2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;503.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Multiemployer Defined Benefit Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:justify;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;In addition to our Company sponsored defined benefit pension plans, we contribute to several multiemployer defined benefit pension plans under collective bargaining agreements that cover certain of our union-represented employees. The risks of participating in such plans are different from the risks of single-employer plans, in the following respects:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Assets contributed to a multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If a participating employer ceases to contribute to a multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligation of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;If we were to withdraw from a multiemployer plan, we may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan and on the history of our participation in the plan prior to withdrawal. This is referred to as a withdrawal liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Each multiemployer plan in which we participate has a certified zone status as currently defined by the Pension Protection Act of 2006. The zone status is based on information provided to us and other participating employers by each plan and is certified by the plan's actuary. The following are descriptions of the zone status types based on criteria established under the Internal Revenue Code (IRC):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Red Zone&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;Plan has been determined to be in critical status and is generally less than 65% funded. A rehabilitation plan, as required under the IRC, must be adopted by plans in the red zone. Plan participants may be responsible for the payment of surcharges, in addition to the contribution rate specified in the applicable collective bargaining agreement, for a plan in critical status
 in accordance with the requirements of the IRC.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Yellow&amp;#8221; Zone&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;Plan has been determined to be in endangered status and is generally less than 80% funded. A funding improvement plan
 as required under the IRC
 must be adopted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:16px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:48px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#9642;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Green&amp;#8221; Zone&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;Plan has been determined to be neither in critical status nor in endangered status
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:none;&gt;SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Organization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Smithfield Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (Smithfield
 the Company
 we

begin 644 smithfieldlogoa08.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_X0!F17AI9@  24DJ  @    $ !H!!0 !
M    /@   !L!!0 !    1@   @! P !     @   #$! @ 0    3@
M  !@     0   &     !    4&%I;G0N3D54('8T+C P /_; $
  @$! 0$!
M @$! 0( @(! 
 @(!00$ P0&!08&!@4&!@8'0@&!PD'!@8(P@)@H*
M@H& L,PH
0H*O_; $
! @( @(!0







 P$




M;1-Y
Z*9(LD#S$W*P!() H ^DZ*** BN=U/XO_  FT2_ETK6OBAX=L[J!]
ML]M=:U!')&WHRLX(/L:L^'/B)\/_ !C=26/A'QSH^JS11[Y8M-U.*=D7.-Q
M,2!D@9- &S1110 445\9_P#!8'_@M=^S7_P2(^&EGJ'Q M)?%/CWQ![^$_


X)(




M-+\0^%M4DM+A)HF5+F

?+N8B?OPRIMD1QPRL#0!]R?LU_\ !JA_P5)_:?\



MKI=G^[^WV6C?8]2MXV(WM&;C[33P#L1AB!R.M 'TE_P8X_\D]_:._[#/AC






%D_P!H/QN?&FL_M)^*_AKI&H$SZ'X=\!^9HMG%;Y^4
M)(F)K@=/GDD?/L






%_BE\5?^E_$'3(-
MIUU6S%^(A$[RQ.\0V7
XS&R
M'YSSD# !U7_!R]^QO^T)^SO_ 
%



M5.!W.!7\6/[3?Q]_:%_X*_?\%#[GQ]JBRWWBSXH^


M\2_V-XL\





5H


M


7]L[_@FA_P %%_$_[8/Q7\2^&_V_C)J
M&G:A\2==N;_LOAGJDL-S#)J$[I(CK 0Z

MR&*D
?R?_PT_\ P2!\5?\ !'KX_:%\)=7^-.E^.-+\5:(^J:'J=K8FSNHX
MDE





EO^\DN%DE=VDB^](ZJNX1J[?@WXI_X)O?\


M;6/(\M

M48\(_P#!.G]MGX$_'WX-_&73-.G^ ]U8_#'P?XMT'588'NY[35S-!IEK.@4R





MQMD59H85=0RD@@'!!(/% '[C?\'K]M;I_P $^?AC=) @E?XR0!Y HW$?V5J'
M&:_




M_P %



M5U
&H @@\$'TKPK_ (.N?V)/VROV@?\ @J9%X]^!'[)WQ(\::&/AGI%J=8\*

[GQQ\


.NH

_:9^'VE:
MPL@^*

M!2O]F;_@LC^S_P#\$

V%QKHC'V2.82?(Q_UAC5N#

M*=$_9.\#:U+H_AK3_C*WB^+PX-+AACU*XT;R)OM0F 


I




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *_.O\ X.3/^GGP_\ V$/^?\ XL^%





MY


M 7[(H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

 'defref_dei_EntityInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockNoParValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AcquisitionofCompanyStockforMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_NetCashProvidedByUsedInBreedingStockTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleLeasebackTransactionNetProceedsFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsfromSecuriticationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PaymentsonSecuritizationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilitiesAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AcquisitionofCompanyStockforMerger'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_NetCashProvidedByUsedInBreedingStockTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleLeasebackTransactionNetProceedsFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsfromSecuriticationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PaymentsonSecuritizationFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRevolvingCreditFacilitiesAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfStockForTrust'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AdjustmenttoRedeemableNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 the Company
 we

 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfTangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccruedExpensesAndOtherCurrentLiabilitiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LeaseObligationsCommitmentsAndGuaranteeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LeaseObligationsCommitmentsAndGuaranteesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

&#8212;Plan has been determined to be in endangered status and is generally less than 80% funded. A funding improvement plan
 as required under the IRC
&#8212;Plan has been determined to be neither in critical status nor in endangered status

 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RegulationAndContingenciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RegulationAndContingenciesDislcosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'

 the Company
 we

 'defref_us-gaap_FiscalPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_SelfInsurancePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleofComponentsofComparativeNetIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsInStatementOfFinancialPositionFairValueTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_FairValueHedgingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNotionalAmountsOfOutstandingDerivativePositionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LeaseObligationsCommitmentsAndGuaranteeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfFutureHogProcurementAndContractHogGrowersObligationsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfClassificationOfDeferredTaxesOnBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedPerformanceBasedUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfFairValuePensionPlanAssetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfSignificantUnobservableInputsChangesInPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_FairValueAndCarryingValueOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyBalancesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfSegmentRevenueByProductTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfSegmentRevenueByProductTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_EstimatdAmortizationOfIntangibleAssetsNextFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LivestockInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_FreshAndPackagedMeatsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GrainsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventorySuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BreedingAndProductionAnimalsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BreedingAndProductionAnimalsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherTypesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOtherTypesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LandAndLandImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Breedingstock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sfd_PatentsRightsAndLeaseholdInterestsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sfd_PatentsRightsAndLeaseholdInterestsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sfd_PatentsRightsAndLeaseholdInterestsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_WHGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MergerAgreementPerSharePriceOfCompanysCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorNotesFivePointTwentyFivePercentDueAugust12018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorNotesFivePointEightHundredSeventyFivePercentDueAugust12021Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_MergerSubNotesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sfd_ContractualRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=sfd_MergerRelatedCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiablesAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredandLiabilitiesAssumedNetLongTermPensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TrademarksMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_ContractualRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=sfd_ContractualRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ProFormaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_KansasCitySausageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitonAdvanceToSeller'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcqusitionRevolvingLoanWithAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionRevenueReportedByAcquiredEntityForLastAnnualPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_AmericanSkinFoodGroupLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitionProjectedFutureIncreaseInNetIncomeForAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BusinessAcquisitionProjectedFutureIncreaseInRevenueOfAcquiredEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessAffiliateAndProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherSignificantNoncashTransactionValueOfConsiderationReceived1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_TaxOnDeferredGainsLossesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonthsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesOnDerivativeContractsRepresentingDifferencesBetweenSpotAndFuturesPricesWhichAreExcludedFromAssessmentOfEffectivenessAndRecordedDirectlyIntoEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis=us-gaap_NondesignatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_GrainContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_GrainContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LivestockContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LivestockContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_EnergyContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetCollateralObligationToReturnCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetCollateralObligationToReturnCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetCollateralObligationToReturnCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetCollateralObligationToReturnCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherCurrentLiabilitiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetCollateralObligationToReturnCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CommodityContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetCollateralObligationToReturnCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityCollateralRightToReclaimCashOffset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_CornInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_CornInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_CornInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LeanHogsInPoundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LeanHogsInPoundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_InterestRateContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeanMealInTonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeanMealInTonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeanMealInTonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_SoybeansInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_WheatInBushelsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_NaturalGasInMillionBtuMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_HeatingOilMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_DieselInGallonsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_CrudeOilMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=sfd_LiveCattleInPoundsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMass'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesOtherUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis=us-gaap_ForeignExchangeContractMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MinimumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MaximumNotionalVolumesMonetary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_TaxOnDeferredGainsLossesInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioForecastMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedWithinTwelveMonthsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnFairValueHedgingInstruments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesOnDerivativeContractsRepresentingDifferencesBetweenSpotAndFuturesPricesWhichAreExcludedFromAssessmentOfEffectivenessAndRecordedDirectlyIntoEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_GainsLossesRecognizedOnClosedCommodityDerivativeContractsAsUnderlyingCashTransactionsAffectedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnFairValueHedgingInstruments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ChangeInUnrealizedGainLossOnHedgedItemInFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentNetSalesProceeds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Grossunrealizedcurrencytranslationlosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_OtherEquityMethodInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_CampofrioFoodGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_CampofrioFoodGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_MexicanJointVenturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_OtherEquityMethodInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_CampofrioFoodGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_MexicanJointVenturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis=sfd_OtherEquityMethodInvestmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentAdditionalInformation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccruedCustomerIncentives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredNotesSixPointSixTwoFivePercentDueAugust2022Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredNotesSevenPointSevenFivePercentDueJuly2017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorNotesFivePointTwentyFivePercentDueAugust12018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorNotesFivePointEightHundredSeventyFivePercentDueAugust12021Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_RabobankTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_VariousOtherDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DebtInstrumentDiscountPercentageAtIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebtNetOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DebtIssuanceCostsLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Maximumaggregatepurchaseprice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredNotesSevenPointSevenFivePercentDueMay2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredNotesSevenPointSevenFivePercentDueJuly2017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredNotesSixPointSixTwoFivePercentDueAugust2022Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_BankOfAmericaTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis=sfd_July2012TenderOfferMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis=sfd_July2012TenderOfferMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis=sfd_July2012TenderOfferMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAxis=us-gaap_SecuredDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAverageOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumAmountOutstandingDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateAtPeriodEnd'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=sfd_AblCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityPriorToRefinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=sfd_InventoryRevolverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityPriorToRefinancing'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_LineOfCreditFacilityOptionToIncreaseMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=sfd_SecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccountsReceivableHeldBySpv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_RabobankTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableRateAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_RabobankTermLoanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredConvertibleNotesFourPercentDueJune2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityEquityAxis=us-gaap_CallOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityIndexedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommitteedFundsForApprovedCapitalProjects'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PurchaseObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCurrentCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnSecondAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnThirdAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFourthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFifthAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantChangeInUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIsReasonablyPossibleAmountOfUnrecordedBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=sfd_TransitionPeriodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsInterestOnIncomeTaxesExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditsCarryforwardsAndNetOperatingLosse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditsCarryforwardsAndNetOperatingLosse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentInSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxContingencyLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanAverageRateOfReturnOnPlanAssetsOverFiveYearPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanAverageRateOfReturnOnPlanAssetsOverFiveYearPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_SupplementalEmployeeRetirementPlanDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanNetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanNetAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=sfd_CashAndCashEquivalentsNetOfUnsettledTransactionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=sfd_AlternativeAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=sfd_UnitedFoodAndCommericalWorkersInternationalUnionIndustryPensionFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=sfd_CentralPensionFundOfInternationalUnionOfOperatingEngineersAndParticipatingEmployersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=sfd_IamNationalPensionFundNationalPensionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCertifiedZoneStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDateDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodAveragePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sfd_IncentiveCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ShareBasedCompensationCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sfd_IncentiveCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sfd_WHGroupIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsWeightedAverageVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sfd_WHGroupIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sfd_IncentiveCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=sfd_IncentiveCompensationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityEquityAxis=us-gaap_CallOptionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityIndexedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityStrikePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_PurchaseOfCallOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=sfd_SeniorUnsecuredConvertibleNotesFourPercentDueJune2013Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_NetSharesRetiredSettlementofConvertibleNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostsCreditArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBenefitPlanImprovementTaxEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BondSecuritiesAssetFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_CommodityContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_InterestRateContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyContractsLiabilityFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=sfd_AlternativeAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=sfd_InsuranceContractsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssetsExcludingUnsettledTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsSoldDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sfd_WHGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sfd_JctLlcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RelatedPartyTransactionReimbursementsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentVicePresidentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RelatedPartyTransactionReimbursementsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=sfd_MurphyFamilyBusinessesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_BreedingSowsNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_MarketHogsNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Hogsprocessed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_FreshPorkSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Hogsprocessed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProductionOfLiveHogRequirementsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_PackagedMeatsSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Poundssold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_WHGroupFreshPorkSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=sfd_PackagedMeatsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Poundssold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=sfd_FreshPorkMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Poundssold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_FreshPorkSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ProductionOfLiveHogRequirementsPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Hogsprocessed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Hogsprocessed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Poundssold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_RevenueProductCategoryPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_FreshPorkandPackagedMeatssegmentscombinedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_FreshPorkSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_PackagedMeatsSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=sfd_InternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=sfd_InternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_WHGroupFreshPorkSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_IntersegmentEliminationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=sfd_SecuritizationFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_AccountsReceivableHeldBySpv'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillOtherChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_FreshPorkSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_InternationalSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_HogProductionSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=sfd_PackagedMeatsSegmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=sfd_InternationalMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=sfd_WHGroupMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionRelatedCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_Impactofinventoryfairvaluestepuponcostofsales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_SuccessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_PredecessorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_sfd_ExtinguishmentOfDebtReacquisitionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Dividends'

M+GAM;



I
MYT_-)AQ5M5


IPD


M6/_;:N&C]E453B?^K;.FFQ9M[#=_S)C.__%:3F[BOFMOC7IH3@KL+[9
TS'H




XJL

MK 5%UH(B:T&1M:#(6E!D+2BR%A192XJL)476DB)K29&UI
A:4F0M*;*6%%E+

M    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDLMNPD 
@%
;X[)9J4@B


UE9P;1FOK0#;




M Z-W$'H'1N\@] Z
WD'H'1B]@] [


M.PF]$Z-W$GHG1N\D]$[061-UV(31.PF]$Z-W$GHG1N\D]$Z
WEGHG1F]L] [
M
WIGH7=F]





8%?)WH@CC?QPYD5.;[7=
KQR?8]YKO.V(KHF+ (?O0

M9S

MZWO3=ZXS!^TLQMJ\-::A

;Q0#JJ/(1^!W/
M&):EWP+J,9A8Z^Y']V%'8=XE
?T+D(_N-1BE/AWKC.MN
C^U%R9.?7ZI$5!




@-

S@




MU
U*HI?!
QM9QTJ2W6:7\1)L

QS@
M+#!C\*; C
&; M
!9CC =P

M

Z-D$L)


MXM\Z/AJ


+_]^ 2.YX-Z8;QL

0


M;U\@M.4?
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

MI^1.6HCA5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?
MC







_Y/%_G
MM
T+



M!X.O40+R4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MYRM)Q%4XOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4
M)?.NVB8+A=OB5

)%
MK/]8UA[Y




0QY@%CS#*%F
M.-^'19H:



TVM- 62J4FZ M+4*=JTK9O4/.RM
F 22[XP8[*D


/#OSJ_:_C
;.(? 87Q*0SB:7$#O=-!A-^RP#3SI
M *Z!.@JG3Q?JJU&KKU;Y[




?M0!'P5HAPI60I)[G6\.0J(=6$*PQE*1I.GY



!UB;Z6-?U.:5W4A

;KI00]2-SD:
]W4_8V-*A3KG\$#%@V6X@R5
M5'TG:Z%L



MQ


M?-$


M:C[WX^?^R/!A$=Z'$U^*

0JD.#O(8
M .//@&F8+*/$G\FFS*+%PZ^S\$ETSD\2]5KI&CJH$: @#I^$N$]!PN[#A;A8
O%*M#WX<QDL$M$,.2I1^BC&
M9[**T5X=]=4)?Z?!78K_1U-U0M59X<!B^YFX4
_=Y-?Y(R9A\=.
$2AJSHA


M@X?5K+\$_4(9N&BX= R*B

8GDH2X*'CWTQE#!*F)BLELM9



M=5[O.$NS[_PTUHAP4U\
'H;J+@)@IN$H(?HSL+_GL0:2LYVNBU27A])MJS
M^ZQHV!
F9A9Z;9'Q^ES4[R\GHM!KZZ=-HOYOA8I?/7*$@6%7EN7QF\+O;;0
M:^O2^&U9B%+2X4OCMV4CB6WR/@]$.0LE-QR:U+H[B%4=QR:U+LV(+);=0

0=MMPO9S-X0OCTPN8A&%MMN$[8/W%MM %-IN


MW2%L1Q3F






\<^1ON/*'1]3+@^B!JCZV-T?4RX_C[H65FRI*^#LK21*Y&\KZ4B
MET?G]T25UKEY_EA=RBS3HP;HM#U\?G]EZC;\J8?\(9OQ9C+&X7

)\8@

)] I;P5YF3BJCQC2LP
MI1ZD$?8/P

MP5Z4JJ



M;'U6VVZC











MP#8&]E2#


MC&M$M! 9=I%'!H$N
F40T45F%/EV


VC!GBV,%@4Z@-S#6'&1V@CMTPF 8=X)E#
ML2BT(D!)O6.\Q:$(T&R^K[&XC1E P_' =4 (W
\9Q2*I F0NSG#J5!X$EC

J
4Q$J1W'%8K%ISN9


MF7%
F]$QF9.4







0*J%HILN\9JHHAKNIG



%(F
!Q4PD#@X.F3(@#/H1T@_5(EZ#2A:N;


-)%]D(J2CH*E&W_X3XP.N:J.'QG@L.T\:U)Z5$RR2@96FR/DA[@










M699M#XE'+$7@T&GO07H$\C -#6EH3H

65MT4W#6/F4M[NSJ@;+@*^#3@3W?[6C*
M%JKGDY!?)LAZP$SFF&Z8+0!IQZ=T.6@AI!-9*&.5%.K;TB2PM@F?#SJ@@_;Y
MH!5+)H!:!*$3T7$#F!3VG84E57RMJ6MQ3R\'SEQW%T!X[_8TI8NE5P#MU92N







F

M

C3757].W]\TY?GS9X?K;Q^K_P%02P
$%     @ (CY]

N.
MXS8017_%\#X2JTCQT7 ;2#L(DD6 P2R2M=JFV\9(EB.IVY._CU[M2*RB
QOK

MS?MW#D^R&[E]?W



M(WYX^@#%CPVQ#)0_TB@([5  =2J;1)(




B;GBD(D6J$Z$;RDJ+

MZ92V
7PA#U2D0'5A4D8*2L3

M1*ED$-GE:&J)ZC(GHC./)ZFD) 41HE121/XDC2%PYW0(T?I=\BB5%*4@0I9*

M4A2E*E





X&L+)
M$

XB-$V+C@ @6$)NG-[&FF$$D

M[$*R_M;$IW^2XA]02P
$%     @ (CY]2'G%^*=V0  &CH  !@   !X;]W
[O_?/37.8_+M9
M;_=?;YX/A]<OL]G^_KG9K/9%^]ILN[\\MKO-ZM]W#W-]J^[9O5P&K19SW19



MOZ_V3=6N_WIY.#QW;




0DL&GD4EVRR



+KS4W
6T);J:VS_N*9IYBHQ\-'$!


G(B
R
94





M=6[0.CI+PN]#N




K3ZI)
M782;^

YS/4

M'H-GV0NL/-9AIJJ$#+9F.!U
EA%75X_J*OM\E4=U#1H.IT=Y=9EOBN?JZE%=

XGUDA$1
M3RQKU PVX#TDQ$76

3!&EH8:K
M)?AZ%#(DPL4OL-JZ/'_A:FV]'H4
B7 )#:QJ+K^6@?5M#73





MQI\



MJ7W8?2:V'%


M YEY&Z1#@_2C@?^@LZ%!]C&DW-L@'QKD[PUTZFU0# V*CR'IRWRXGK_+V5^N

M*R
M1MK

ELID9
;C
-8HIW9M;G]CW!$B98
M7@+HVP!I0A)S98H+LW\;[%3C;A3L1H%NZ'F\
ME--TKEY( 75RBWH6Q*SR7'

M[C7
O0:Y)]?'7+-3K'(VXD44M=1LP

Z444 RU3
._(
M

M]T^3ZPF



JHK@AN$2HJ



M$FN=1%I'!5)R#3/2M4@CL6%)9%C4'P?H=D9
Z)IU!%-'

RN 295IRM4PG

M#HZN






M& YS5\TWP*[NCA:\0;.=Y= H9[AD-5(!1P5\TMCI]3'LG]\AEV/0U



^%$8:+V*G!ON01C[$:C47
M%&-2]M)9'%;JL

K&I&&XJFEXUALN%/1:[(VP7)L8N#+(+QR:&

MT$KJI5!NQ6J83F*@(J 41O



4$&7 3E;$]
MU 9PMX.[9FMV\YG


$%     @ (CY]2%:_
M R:? 0  L0








M10F@H/*1083MD^@50*B7_.G.\I(W!]OK%_3M4&]1?AX G5#UG[+HC-**FA
M$8/R+SA^@;F$0R2L4+FTDFIP'O4-0HD6;]
N3=K'Z2;/9]@V@
\ O@ ^9$GX

M;)M&QY$*!Y




VN/;11@7
#K].\+V.NXC=4+

.\-V^&H1C1OKH.
MP)



O

2YX;6Q]4\%NW 0_17$!P0ONTFCE==2-E75'BI%.21GUA[;*,X

NY 6^^[/6.N;$$+=X
=F'!3
%PH!MZ





VC.QQS9:8%S \?;O]CQNJW5S##O#=OAJ$8T;ZZ#L3
M-ZV
.]/.^_[$F*LZT


D?$J49'X27I2%Q9'8J;6]B^X._'0BHZ4]WI

-7





MTS;
=19$E4!:

D?$R49'X5


MI

QL*
M:A^/=^%LQY$:#8_=]8/
O[3X#5!+ P04      B/GU(-A^S)9\!  Q P





MNN]E#S/G:)1'/

IWW/+W)6WA9]**%'\*VTCAR




M*\6)_P/GV_#=IL)=A._^4)AM$V2;!%DDR/Y;XE;
_J\D;-53#::)HV-)B4
7





M/)]AVP V ]@N$NC\E1E/G('2\+@R

GIU75.O]_%D-X\+QUI_--%*3X;_?)#EEY:_ 5!+ P04
M  B/GU(Z*8Z: !  Q P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

LM
MB#J!M&(\RSXQ+:2A99%\3[8L</!*&GBRQ U:_OG# K'$\WIS?$LV\Y'!RL+


THJ:$1@_+/.'Z'N81#

MO








MW(K)_TK5CW58-LT.HY4.)@TJOO

@NB3BM
M&

BV\]'!RH(MN%IJ
M




*D4Y







2YX;6Q]4]MN

M[5 3 _6!WN_VQRQ$Q(#O'8QV=29!^PGQ/1C/U8$F00)(*%U@$'X[PP-(&8A\


<QG6IK 9@*[(=#)
M*,;\RATOX
C

%GTO(6?W+16W)&
MYZ]//.0&T8&/DM_Y+)U_I

C
N

VN/;11@7
#K].\+V.LX
MK=L+

.\-V^&H1C1OKH.P)





&M25






-G4
M_P;10Y2W1THZ<+_60P%C8_'S^%LIY&:#(_][8


M4]MNW 0_17$!P0OZURT\EK*)JK:ATI1'MIGUA[;*, X@-?IWQ?PVG%;JR_
M#'/.G!F&8D3[YCH 3SZT,NY(.^_[ V.NZD +=X,]F'#3H-7!].VS/461)U



M$H7$[U?.SY01N#[/[%]2M4']63AX0O53UKX+8C-*:FC$H/PKCE_A6L)M)*Q0

B2\E1DODLO@+BR.Q4VM[


MAL=^_B#++RU_ U!+ P04      B/GU(6%MWX:(!  Q P  &0   'AL+W=O




I#Q$QX(^ T:[.)&@_
M([X$XW=]3-(@ 214+C!POUW@'J0





M6[[5EH*9QX6_\+:U3$;Y[Y7T4]
&/K[?V+^[XYKT-TSQ%]'^:7;Z:+)-XVC'

\PMX5:TROU&V[/2HKN%Q%''/L9GT[OG
'XITFL8#J#7 .H%
M)*.02_

M#'W D#LB





MO7DS#

M/



)ATA8H7)I
M)=7@/.H;A!(MWJ9=FK2/T\WA?H9M _@


M&[[?5+A/\/TZ^\-^FR#?)



!#]%8L/B




5GCO[/FNZ4CKN



M'%^=T(PY3QBRPB0+ EOUQ8*$+



SM74@5-@9'][3Y9'K?@/4$L#!!0    ( (^?4B

P+GAM;&U4W7*C


1T4T
MU(?D:;4_;CTB 'YS&

M^F)8=YAS08VKGHMUNLWIV0M-F..(R1:8U8R@3GVVR&(6Q^P;/8O3U]&$ZT!?





M&_JXI9F'!
3O&CIS



XVL.!GX1]4=T/N-QA[@E+)4SXC
J3


!&UT1PZ2XR!P5F2
$LY$(AIGC(@M49($0+'#7(
M[J_E$B58(AEDHVMBF4NLD)%5@C!:B28%BBWA78K_\!*&8* :=
 ^]OYX4




M^
7UL6Y

MBO]02P



(55#3
M@9D7.3[!?(2M$RPET_X7E8

RU

MC'S

IU<%-;P*-2CD(WW*KZM)G]\2_


$%     @ (CY]2/#% WB@ 0  L0


?IYB&98=N = :D
M-P V)8HROW/'R\+@2



MFR1LU5


M$/T51A\09&0[J4?63)Q

L
M*!]1OYD6P))W*90Y)JVU_8%24[8@N;G#'I3;J5%+;MU2-]3T&G@52%)0EJ9[


M.VM^I/3$]?RJ_CU4Z]R?N8$G%'^ZRK;.;)J0FH^/N*XP^82P@.2Q0F?$DY




M^VE(B8


_164#R@9

XF3H ).@4RZ?[] 
FG:Y@+8^#T_&U.
:-YL!^#(

ME 4.3@H-+X;802EN_AU!XGA(=LG%\2K:S@4'+0NZX&JA0%N!FAAH#LG=;G_
M0T0


M2P
7' H[=
MMR^@8^TL-P,<OK\C,.6D]+OI 2SZ%%R:0]);.^PQ-G4/@IH;-8!T.ZW2@EJW
MU!TV@P;:!)+@F*3I+1:4R:0J0^U95Z4:+6<2GC4RHQ!4_SL5]
AR9)+X85U
MO?4%7)5XY35
@#1
PGI=[]XD]S2%(? 3C4






MFS 0_17$!ZRY!AH1I


Q(%
MP8%PVO5^6;C8BRP+
6K6]? B/35R3N7O

M5YWH/0GUR7\

7ER?MJ!

R;:8
(508SZ:A%A%N?H'WJ$
MTV

ML8FN$^




8QU





M+1UQ/;^K/_MJ;?97JN%)\C^L
JU--HY0!34=N'F5XP^82]@[P5)R[;^H'+21

M=$%?M]^SB6H;O15IMLOQS0G-F
N$(2M

(6RR#YKL P+9QB2$.89-#D&30T#@V\8D@#G&
M89
L:)(%!)*-20BS_:EX=04%J
9WFD:E'#K?UZOHTLR/Q%_A3WB1][2!7U0U
MK-/H*HUM!']=:RD-V%3B!WNJK7UNE@6'VKAI9N=JZL!I861_?T^61ZWX!U!+








-L[@5=74(!J?*=I5
JA\WV]


MKJ8.G!9&]O?W9'G4BO]02P
$%     @ (CY]2*R!XY6C 0  L0
  !D   !X




!-!2E*6IE^HXD(G51E]SZ8J<712:'@V


+


$%
-W&1A]B;+G)UM*)NX$U'YB@EU_\V(%2WBI/X$GBO#Y7U
M 5+D9.#M:@F-J543:=BOXG6RW3
0P+B=PV=N9I'/OFM4A]^\7.WBJG/ 024
MUDMP-YS@&83P2L[Y[UGTR]


#.!#8BD-XHI/F#


3

)[6&OE 67WURM[AR_7U8-A;



2
MWP(&NSB3H/V
^!*

MK_[
+=RC_,JUWJQ245U+R7[AF'1YA*V 7$J6-*RE[ZU!=(90H_CKN0L=]
M&&_VWR?8.B= .D
^)9$X6.B*/

]8=[[Q0
MZ[V7(DMV.;L$HBGF-
:DBYC-'
.?IO$OCFWR$%WG'&_C%
M32.T)6=T_F5C_VM$!UY*<K.CI/7_9S8DUX<]_YLQI$:#8?=]8/
O[1X!U!+



M[P/8ZSA;7X 9YKUY

G%\2+:
MS@4'*PNVX&JA0%N!FAAH#O0AW1_S$!$#7@6

MGV NX3805BAM7$DU6(?J J%$\?=I%SKNXW1SG\RP;4 V [(K )L219D_N.-E
M87 D9FIMS\
+IOO




\Q[\V88BA'-N^T '/E0

MP


)=P'P@KE#:NI!JL0W6%)$3QCVD7

M]Y4 V[!:



@B/PRRRMW
6O;7NO%3%Y4D5?BM7::2UEF
M]=^E*.1U[A+WUO S/YZ4:? 7







MV2+C

:HB@A@@(^=]UITL$H

 \WW.*@R11(A()$$@0)KE?J@5VS
31!L
MK&)-5( <W*-BCADMD5DRE4(:M8OA+$#!)39!QKGND7=[SVOT
%V+
BSLR
E$/HT-I].O_@]D-4<6(G
+[Y04V ]K6N([NJ[]'-8G;.CN)'

;:SOZZ[VZQZ4/-]*V7L]


M_/D]72=YD'VD&_?-:[9=)X7[N'T;Y!_;-'FIC-:K@0A#
U@GRTU_-*RN_=B.

S*D&46
0G6H0-P;QJ0:V



..')!=W:09
]F

M
P%&T5U Y+![FJ0SV %-!X^H U5U7&U.&J:=5$WF!A5LD$S0#*9M:X%T@_9(



&LJW $CIPYG$NPOMI












^?4@E 8_;#@(  #$&   9




MZ%_



MY4YEX.;K'O&5?
?\V@TB.#*I+@KS.5\8DT2%C(J=:ON[W5 R47J;J'Z?+[2
MYH%DX^.7O\2S1]02P

M2J_2A^?5WO:RK#](A_


+G-Y_9/^KE]O2?TMKO37YO]F^.;5LPY6WUX?TDC??S?6+


M







8*FE?[@46A/

M=N92]N=SD]';H=P+[P^6/N&;]3D]ZK_3ZIB5M?=FFL84_2'2P9A&MW1OS79
M2:?[VT.N#TUW&[7WU70-CPTYOQQ+G@[G-S\#U!+ P04      C/GU((R)



8@RZP)U%%6YLU.U66FS6.]#YMC+;.M
M#2J+D$81#\LLK_SEW+8]U<NY.NDBK^13[36GLLSJORM9J//)_Y'PW.^/^BV



M7@((_V\ ZP/89T!LE7;

M3.O;
N9\'KZUB7K

M@A/$




^

Z!U.Y7AX*N=/M;6+NZZZ6ZQZT



M'LG#




('&$@V&P-DPZ\'L.8NS APY\Z8#U$AYB!P%T$  &



6ZOG+4X%O(SP=7HY=O (Y6'


_P-02P
$%     @ (SY]2


/+^FK;']W)F#[Z



;

;5.W@='

*TNG!@](^E<!3782'B58ACF5(^S(T8Y9$2J@X-$RT
M$'&L1)KY1%B)E&9Q'BBI8AC+=*^%G%2C,*YH]6(8SG*T!A/5*N9$
AT7K$




M\E\(ERYP$4HM;_.S*!L$6Y@$@FZ @6N0*G]B1 B@6FD*#+3^#R4Z%A$71A


731SEZ:\4IC

MDM&\3%AN%'0_
^_09!-)H@)^)?12]LX-&?L'8Y_R8K6;F8X
@:9TRZ5#+ Y?

:.[J/SRE_9Y=G
MVBR!2


#:PN.U(K;=2]6G7P?\W@^+=C%*.JG[Q3+AQQ-A$J8R]'JV:AN




MI9.?:RSH8R%2TK&%HQNLZU

M:-F
E
?U$3 B6.V%)X@B6O$ RM

)0[79+8\O..9<Y[HUV&^H[+/<(RO@358(





]GH^[7_D@8##2:$ R$<:,.3, # =\)Y$M

M

)E#7FQ(%

M(?&


@A
ZT (7!@LZ(R$K1)0%IDX/2B9;BI?* 1WG$85 ILB4
MZ4%D=LP69& S0!B04T9;,DL;AIL&0CPC!;'AW9


1L@LF=BLQI]
$#5KCWK8ZYP=OS1ZMIRLC@/E8Z@GD#N\
MR

@[OE3L(-1C(I_;?@CL7P0_

$%     @ (SY]2'LG([1 @  W@H  !D   !X;]W;W)K



M=GMD5=XZ_



J77.3IHN$7J^GJXY2K,H0G*C=SJQ;UWNEO,MFM7/U,0Q(NW$]E
MJ,=D'8:,,$%\P[C2_B!
)&

?)J0@+O'K)&((#'
MXJ
)\S7?'WOA4=Q @!H(M(%@G R8Q+'N
+'&U!H#'OBQ
Y/U$!4*$:%H(M1A

M4:@SE0(SW0:0FDRF*@B()#
Z:
-Y!F*8!)OJD.,C2/!W,8!W@W -WWU#:$.
M1,=



MH]7A*O=

U+7MH[RLCE
2K87







M

M7KVQ -V%4C:H5J

C;.*+MWR2$*-O






.3B


R/-;G[([Q@25'CU'+O-!W@V[3DEW








9&'PRA5*1X*@B
11D&I&A7F2'OQ.$



,5#%Y0@3RP#W0@K*4&,
M@JHC./JVV#Z&4 _6E4:[@D(PO*,P_@_A'@ILD(*HBIMV'1A_AG$/^8&
MM)A9=L;*R&+*V)B5D:64H1XBKA@


M%TTY7SMMP







O0
M
C)

%;8$  !!&P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O


MNZ/+TSHHSZYH?SF459XV[=?J):S/E4OW?:



MGID5N8R( B]X6RHRR21X-U8ZGB$$1
,]!D043=Q('P. )5D[3!$$L.\NT(
MNFCB8.7;&53Q1*49+@D
)B&!&:X+C:A[D\B@9$B[F&*N LJ2,5216L,5
MV

M@*E


M/Y%2&#
28(;L49(1*_HDDD(J0U#&8DI(U%]1?*;UDXPH;
;#S%*HQO*C

P4#9AGVJ









MJ)PF09QT*XR: H*6AM/08'07+#6I=HJK+X92 2A3P[C Q*D9JJ8P10I19
.4



24D\1ECTFRL9:\L99IY49B,:])8B1),.\4
M+&;-SE SBQ&R*%09&RL9CHU9\Q9LW&@D;A;%B07-2*CX6AM(B*)FU F'6

-2

#J&U8#C=

#ZTO+3 D.4^9FR)G#



EZE6?OL[R=4])/6_%I:M&
M_[Z^V QV\[MJ=(KJZMO:K5:O-6).LUUJY%G&A7W)3= (OJ26RKY5RJ&D^%
M2E3HM23A.BP2
(BJ


M
#'NJ.91@97XF$EGE1B!9-@1
LQ_=%[:X(YAC48$-46]'RK*ER&053_ ZH

0:\XTEQ%.$:B)=LG

3!+ +

MC+)$*)-I2RDUT3+L$R#29ZI^-1AEB59E
FD]':
X\F$Y5

58(8V;+I)AM\@2


M=B(W

SW;;3N1[(N9@IC&=&M')I#83C.!3H/I
M-/HO.Y$_=8&AK4Q8!OM=;@EV0+9A12:P]A@C

M6Y1*Q!P#!B-O*/)6






M8Y N:;H!)

B:5K_*
M/3\)M;[K[
D!7RK^0J_?B-Y#+ WN:


M: S9V) [PA

MR
]@?@3R(\4/AS%#$6P@!@W$EH XB@U/=9BYPC2=IV8&Y@GS&$A2@DL80D

.MFD@-ATB&R2F5%%3S8FF$U(S4I&2#5
MR.]59D7$GYDU8&




G1]\7VR$HJ/'YBE7JS
H!/TO]EK?+2U:)G%=.S?8+]PD];G@(0;Q*V<7T6D[6OPK

1N^QI]8Y:KY+]2P9YY

 M+X3Y=[9G(7EYI;A.23^:9UZ9YZ5Y
M




%FKT/8M)F/KO.I#%+!L



MT*9JO(7)TA




A(@@Y:*J?:BT

V=FS#D5RX^Y(DQY7Q692V7[DFI
M9N%Y,C^QBLH9;UBMGQRXJ*C26W'T9
8W5M257K8]R.OHD7M9JFUO8DLY6=5

M(!;QJV!7.5@[)O@=YQ]F\V._='T3 RM9KHP+JF\7MF%E:3QIY3^=T[NF(0[7
M-^_?;+HZ_!V5;


M=2KZV=Z+VMZO[9





M(9E%L$H
JL2 2@ [F(


M.K#V







!

'I
![Q-9$X&BALC,Q(9X@OC0Y.856IU#SPSD?)G:!TH0:@$T$XCQ8J4#
M)-&01D
 @EZT6

V$#:)DG7)&P

M V95F9'$=[TR1]C'[TQ_]M%JR9G^)-VY;+BS9T)^__17ZL28H%(P\&1 A?R1




M.EDN2G5RRKZ@#DE;M^0N:E9_W0YVB]T]:U:G:D;?ED+0A?_6.AHPCSV&CC L
MN(8\ 0BYACP#B#;1BPFY./&;-
ZY4)3+(S7

!!/7


M



LQ0
Q2V&@A9CHQ[K

V$CEH-J.BJ



RYB9&[?!R8Y
M;E^:NE8 -(L]%HS_+/V=65Z'P?NPL&6'Y
W)]-@D+PON!1G2&


-/R4N#M
((?G1D$IM^


;?=8-II
MGD'Q8O


 <623NJXRZ/$#Y-Z85(/3&+!S)K=IDRR2QT8CRK=1?_8F<P+DWE@

BDNJ[
I7)A3!*5+X[4H;?J

M:;((7WM'$^9QQ+ 9AETCUC:?S@)-8$+P99L

MC1&3#9AF3,/*(X2P2@1B)(9449,/H_$AX89-:1328E-' D'4
Z

M4'-BIU:@*


M&;&'R4;QS*5+BO5/00.PAPET -U?


M?!I
90&PG 4.03*L:88T[5@ &=8TNT/3#&N: 4W;9;&7])B8-4'+OF
Q8EC0


M$(9?!?$ F#

MKF;&WT0/(+T/2D9Q\GLIIR-HNF!8A&P4:UTS%.L51+?D5BXH!;DT0)BL
P


3$**-


W(E_9_ .6%C)MV# B
MS--K;D(R^DCQ/8H_[#B




MFPS4G7

\-^)\TO2)B[W3_;OKEKC

M

7F#U)9PPR_+





$%     @ (SY]2'F655I0 P

?9?[\AH +IS.A%(+[NUR_)_3T+*JW
M^LY=#Z*O*QG[D'*X\3WZ\V!%VGMB2
OU3\[416I5(_5WJ^/%4^W.JC(?8(0
M\XLT*]WY5(^]5/.I.





M$$^86LQ-
ZC73O^G)KM6H^]SE@13_[U)U&$6+8;T



M03!(P$8R6DRD




S$;)\&Q#8

M%.]+YI8;A52IZ(*KUM8^['F.

?'&[^V

M6E^


MH?LE5$8
%Q!&0)P$3G9P 6D$Y% !9034A\#G+OE&P!]J(3 P5!T B$0P4B

M


Q$(*'3*P06,D[Y$^'^1,AJ*I#!R#'DLPG@
MB94+DA',X%WD9-#29#D<XP['B,. ^58=)N@OE**V7]..T<[$$$. D18&U ](
M*3D!)7B#P'SE[,(5 HO8A,7]/[ E$1&IZO(&G(? ./-[,#LE5+/F2$IF!(
M%


O!0.[R8IJ TW=?:+)=)IHD1[JDH+8^

!6:V3D=Q%-!GN=IE0!(0.HC'PZ(R(:[F%F[
M$;ML'?= ]L!

MB&H59XR8@B@?@0V9D*H

CQ+





M2P
$%     @ (SY]2!4#
&ULC53;CILP$/T5Q ?$W)U&!*F;J&H?*JWVH7UV8 AH#::V$[9_
M7U\()<2M\A+;XW/.G)F8R4?&WT4#(+V/CO9B[S=2#CN$1-E 1\2&#=KFYKQ

J2.HB@(



MD_\2XHD0/TM()D*R(B!;BFG$D4A2Y)R-'K=_WD#T&PEWB6IUJ8.FL^9.M4*H





1+)C

6


-$($X?WD!T 00
D

#I).E]ATE&29N


M

Z+MI_2U;QR\)%[K7AI3P<


5'?R^;[G[IOR3!0(

!/^!'(C^Q


MU@CWUE9:,98$58R)2#+#E1[
TL000:XR/0 ZTP5L2 AP)&L=(]N3B%FX



_.X;V:EB

.UD9_)@3G
GP#D!

%=&\V:
ML]7 E2:)HD4#E/\@4X(- ;1)\@3@\AI$!F#U!@,Q@ &8;PITXJRE2@NW)#8
M8E=D&0#V8OB)RM)G)#$!4DW$LJ5J(H/81N3.K$IY


@PT$

M\1HN3W+U#U!+ P04      C/GU(R-)(]

M:&5E='

6B2


MK8T0&HQC')D]:LUK




MV FR(K@2BV'K*N+TL^09B!/#G#$X6K'QDT^CE5N@@R8WFFX8BB(/$@L64&$4
M1# 
 6$( %-8
(


MV5&P
ZYX:9]B

)!Y[


M)K9/+SK3Z47/-;%EFRD@'\!Q^^_+AV+#[M+C7

M]:O(R_K%/C7-^=EUZ]U)%6GMZ+


0W@/$7P.$1#W@.O =($2!#@#J/;S\U;VJ3+1:6O
M5C4DU#GM\I8]RW;V=UUA/]G]LW9VZK;T8RFE6+@?746&60T
'S&^-T42 F%3


@1PY@/
MQA/7PSAW0EJN(.4*0FX
Y Y
/)$+F#5F(LAL

/$J-\3M9)4*[':3S2A)J

HAG)
MM$DS[-(R\J%D'X]R ,6L4KXR'D
-98LYI*9WA=80$@.H.0 &W((\W1-47&(

S0C3AC:0&&@R)CX<N2U!^;$S


UNHS 4A5\%\0 %FY^0*HG4D$0SBY&J+F;6;N(DJ( SX#2=
MMQ\




_1U* L'MD82-7PFL\7HQR9'3.+7E(30$FK 1?D\L;2*([Y$5

;0;
1*) 0LX@9
M$[. &9
%L$3
P*+H=D8% +9(Z8@)A%3$C


J6
;LJ9Z 2O1Q8L@Y@\X









/%'Y2+(LEZ
[S

A8:/7M\;@O@
M.MD2]($M*_+
(\.\6QX+I
P12C\A==UUBUD]M29*%[GZ%\M3LI&(5H_%E_)9
M?RV[YZKM@R<SV?LZ3GX9
M-<.
M# &MC:GMA.W;UP=4'+!;;'_S_^QC84(Q?OL@50Z(/17AZ]5JGA@+&L6F!$

NQG
A(J?H?(5DY/L%RN&@;]?83E1M@G^@)%L8B1/&/OU


$%     @ (SY]2%9:)-)G @



#1

MIP]VRU=\_ZY;
2P0@ *!$@CN!!*MW2
F49AN[*5OI5H[ )!KZ1T!E6*M)P H
)9N!0Y^F':_P=TYS<%
M_:: 7U_SFZZ.K
BB^P5 Z^
$*NE7@KVX3%M
S^H98T9)+AV7M\DB.K^43YZ\


^?4AQBI(3C (  $X)   9


MMYR*V&U?U5=ZN-+^!G.RH



\V.0



MVBM4]A]02P
*^(#5@I3CJMBIK9G#5DW-8?=
KX=JW=KTR



?-).
GME[
PNXY$1F



M09Y_OF8 FEV V86Y#@2[

]L;
M

#CI8G\[J?2A=X?*'K?CNX+Q

MJAYVSPY






?P]BT=NR'



M;I?4Z9(Z7*)%L5*'2XJ#Q;4='+#H*0YB=SJ9
YW


YG^?6U@$F-?DLDB

J FYYV7;_SO;<EY]4ERGRC_Z9U%WSTO_)0D&

AL9<:R=H@DFB@D10*2J& %&I(Z3&1


M[K4S2C8&DXVM9&D
\Q.0GWQ]!J9@@/3Q#%RF5C]@[)EKR0:1V
.P%+5%0!86




MZ!9F
3OE!_8S;PY%W3JO7
B#?7?\WG



M'-\=AV\.I




I/NGE!VGG$*J &UIR_6MM3ES0

P!! V1Q1BY$8[TV!GU(*.Y-Y('I@D 
4V
$6](+


 DQH(O

08Z3&\C$S
!*#1F(@P
0P

92X1CJO

=?!?$ @ ^?



M&H=;T4C[ZVW/4HGV:N)[+7L?KG5GKY?A31&-9K@!C 9P
R#9?PWBT2#^
$AL
MI4-FMJXO3+&J[

WXRC4;



M@=$6(24[RB$.8

M_]+H_B :1=
8+*$8


:,(CN2+YM.,!TVGH23^;'E_<'.U=+;BG-GQ_C)ZFUV?P0[?W[(J_+$
M#OP'ZP]U)[T7H?04:V?-O1*ZW2B0&_P47]=W!X:OE?F-M?W_3!O#P]*G*Z?

BF)PS+
MB$]DU#


M.A':B H8P7+[\S
/7N;!Q]QOC1.56V89%7X
]&*@#Y/O
/ )@[+_87(O)O=A


MJ

8BK#X?/5


MKZ*?W;VH]?W2?4F1
8
-B#$@O4$?!S8(C4%X

06P9!
M5[ONW)H*FB\:?O&:;KI/5*TJ_!3+N=FJ03T5^IOL72M'/_(
SQ?!AW)D



M: .QIH'RM4S)D#SYB,N87!_R$E&-82#(B)L_)!T%BU

4QQ'%[\1L0QH.V
M$C1:$:P%.)G   
:+LHPD10@838B/!@6#@RI@D.!^60*P
J! 5EP*9 %'F
M
G4H@&;V3Q#T1&P*/ ;=EP5K%8;$:F2V2Q!!$VG ('UA0#ZXE  !(U42V#
M$XCP-@4

<\%DCF@F<SS*TUW_4K*]
M4(]S^=QTYYWN1?#3]?C6GR'SOU!+ P04      C/GU(+:%U;*8!  #Q P


BYX;6R%4\MNVS 0_!5'Q!2HN+
P*$/


0\(4TSQ-^+P&4$W,P1[ [.+8M5%$?GE
M@E]NU_ETE4\CGRZKH&1=H%P5*#\9R'-ZTX:$V42,2AAR$TG_@-*5O!B.@
[
MP0LS)ZXL.FKG!QW'T6GMP N2N_L
]?[]S8& SH7M%[\WZ9=
@=/#]8'-K[S^
L/T\

W8Q
?XJ6HRE]T9)+XY^*^5P $#4+:9(!&S O=JY
M





MEC5K1



X/1;\%S!(:,9B&SD, 
2@0WYYT @HD

'.


M7)6$L^&G1NH-?M0[7

D
M[SB73)D



UP


)


(&7=UNSR2J3/2:'Y)=AJ]6:
%/'C]8IQL0O$'L%8B<0_U
CV=3HPT1^D\1KDG@$XHW)5TQZ


MM_F)N#-\A^=93VOX267==@I=A#8WP9W72@@-)I7PP72U


MSF1R:
^*+=M


7O&IR43DUWR_<
M1_RPP;&&&


MVW

60UA=P0OA+0JP@@%4_!A)Z2Q'(!8@:8]80
MQI+Z#&&
68#8
*9@ B85F(
A,#6P@! V$Q@ 9&0A@ Q%H()HJH
1*5XNA

1!^#8F(@^M J


G 5$&^F2%/02PIX

M
YJB4@^GH\OJN  EF3U6N.-AH.6%=
8$W

P_8]
PYT'0ZTGMC
=3Z)%=J5O

!_


@%/T5XP=4012=6)-I)YO=ATTF\[#[S+2T-:/2



32BW$(7[5_*HF

MKTSQK6A^UWM]
M[&8;#G!W9I](NX?N=##



Y-
5]5&*^R'-:Q





M00C-C3]FAPR#D[F=C)V&'[1M4M.6_7G==[0XWZX?XQVH^@=02P
$%     @




D^.R69

MSC*?LC1!X31Y

V#S9AD2R+BOS=P S/MN
*ZV
:

MT9

M
+U/U1]02P







MQ_^4Q=B

8&[J.!O=C CPV\:# [














MQNDG:%%KI&I

2F2V:GF -;_#^!:$YAJ.2D67)5@BN;(U2Q-]7(0
M$:8Z2*341!73!PMI)-4YFUQ;'



8F RL1A;C' 8YIM


MBM1B0+!R;2V)*$OO^_*885G
D/6H1=)GVL#^ 9


L^Q!(:P?5LS50%!C*M2TYICU3*L
X7T:QE0:ML 61%8D3?/PX# \(&+F#M$/T[8F(FL@U7%D]RJQ

D@[C :XRT]$63(L.QX0
9(A.$9G&!D474 @9[A#AD<[B13#<XQZAE&9



$%     @





:;/]AT
HUZ=DK%+A)790)[O:#+^F+^2^M7[*R\9ZKMJV*80/X

3 Q
M+GAM;)6=W6X;R1&%7T70 U!3U?^&)V$207 19[D5S3%FT)*XD*25N;M\_P

MOSZN7I;;Q?IM]3K^R[?UYF6Y&S_=?+_9OFU6RX?#02_/-SH
_N9E^?1Z?7][






ML
@:]CF5E\:G,K^AH0L.12UV$16(*:6]G8(=IMH0T,^GE1IXI?1+E?D$X'
M?Z&;UH0-+*6#QYI
7I
I+MG\BCU)+LN)]#\)NU=*^Y;F.8G2W.T$Z2KW$\'W
M W&H/9:L@6\)XCNN'&QF@6XNKIQ0G++UP\+DG0$R9Q;
#OCF(!%5Q
X*WQ\D

C9PQ3?(E10

U ['LJ*+:CE8QFUI'SJ1G]QPSAU!3R^

M)C8$

_#)5S0D%K8Q=I%#$U(-#%$

M[#T+'WYY6TZJF;8@%6V+Q4:VR
C&D#6P!:WI: OYB10^ (NVV%G[5732K1


MICM_V


X[&1/3(RVZ;V
MV'R^@V


*\%&3LC(CO!KPN9+'?R:

#1Q[%DVTYFS

R!@
RM6
A@X&D



V:WESB
%!E&AL#EV%
M&%


V$V-J!P
+

M1IY1

0D*B6DC8@.V

BTEH2$P/%I/4D)@V+#8-6%S59-40=\
$DJ?G

 @FT2)Q/1!
LD7BVB#8

M
!(F22/Q/21


@:Y
M;!EZ4)A$D2TH7!H0.&J)JN&V!O&F0)#81)DM#PB2%)*$-A4/#SG!5DU7#
MWF**[!T8!)

DT0TV!OEV6&#+V0# ))$EL
M@^ (=GREB)V=99.W@+(G\DW0PX1=IB8LK8 \(DG2Q#81C PA7-5DUQ-PP

@4D^25(/ Y. DJ0V!DX-


+\A7-=D


&I1V9AY$JYKLFJ(P6$ *A$25A)<4ND@826Y)<53B\K&@!P*CK3
MC,)*$E *$U)W:K83M0&%EHXOP[**B


K23\I2C_)0)M
;&E[6)B$EA2./0+M:6#A


MR:HA]D;!)QD8!9/ DOJN:;W$CW X4C$Z_BQK&U!
8DV*8DTR





M)[OUV]WI-]_\^O4[]_\'4$L#!!0    ( ,^?4BLFJ.&&0(  X&   :

BYX;6Q]54V/VC 0_2M1[L7Y(J$H1%I
MJ^VATFH/[=F$@41KQZEMR/;?UQ\AA
2% [;'[\V\&=N3O&/\4U0 TONBI!$;
MOY*R72
YL;WS(F<7


$%     @ (SY]2/^A?1S? 0
_E7+8(R2J%B@6&S9 KU8:QBF6*N1G) 8.N#8D2E 4!FBN.O]




M


-MCJY::0(=+2A:@*)[1/F(B-
9@I2#
MV4;DM!$9?GQOXQV%V*D0&X5DH9!FNU4=%K
SF-[6$:7Q)EL5XX!E0;B W=E)


3]WO?!.3*IK8G[FAC$)2C+8J#ZVZO6: P*-
MU--
S;F]T#:0;+@]3_
;6?P4$L#!!0    ( 





OXKA&XPE.
)2

D&HD7*%[T_#'*6O1?E'03)=U

CV#Q%U!+ P04


M


!9VVFZ?[^V

ISY2]\@
APGMOFXXO_(
0Q[LPY)L#:3$/Z)%T\LN.
MLA8+.63[D!\9P5M-:ILPCJ(\;''=^56IYYY85=*3:.J./#&/G]H6LW\/I*'G


H);GR7R-Z75

V?


M@


K9A!&&NM



M=-BKKX#6!G0KM::6X6*(4L#RZ(*::L#E$&7?20FX/B&P0-E_6(
:1R5#SI\@

M
3 V+GAM;(U6W6Z;

M$$KQ1[4;

MK4

MH0PN($

L604#P3ZD'Y1 C'JQR6249!)B0A1E-08(4\IG

M5


M


_D'+R_W4
M-![=RG]02P

M971S+W-H965T
3 W+GAM;(U8W7*B


M
@7B0JS=MU\B!I.6F\$XOF^G_DG)#



MOU16?2J*M/KWS'-QGMO$OC2\9ON#5 W.8N8



M#4$4$_8A81]E
 Q: #
$CY2

$#U2
@+Y

\

M51

V
2QI%
N:0BD:[(YB
M*5+X+:![/$#%-ZMG7Q-4M99J#5&AP1


M0I.XL8M0Y*C!0.B0GW!PA#30R;#4-F$QILG&&S8=!L])H@*M(^Q!. \JE!

3 X+GAM;)5=77/;.!+\




M@=L#).TA3]U#3)Z6\PW 7!6FA6W?(E@*T\(TOP)8D# MYYZ&N2J;:3$M?@.U








ME)( 9@CE5

M

&IY$4]L+[F?'W]+A(?98=L


MP6KWT+:H3-U8P- MC[_ T'-01$*:LKE#*-HBK9EXS195GK0-6@;*J3+Q
A

M-;R==

(!3J0!]&&L:K'J2JM
MHB-G\8&M6
=.CW3LW-J%KM'^-2-)X=(3
WA


G53)98



M:5?-] 6

)N:E
?%TF/B./..W.A
 S/+@H#)@UZXHK+5
#5%#7L1J \IEY
MRTP(/



M8.V2U#HDA+.&[1ZD8LJ

MCW8] !7T+AK!7**A$Q7; ;5=2R1TC)'(
B?J&:-1D2\Q]1+QXGU$=4;VN@

A
N!0=FG ;*7@;/!@3/HD%7&(JY@R8]DGLBL1PN1% O1%
MR$Q \F.

MF1^!O3!?/)TC^0[
=4C .95$?L& 4_4]0(D-1 &Z%K!C:KNUD(:'=Z5CJ3
M&!
 X4S;
);W8C(6


JM74 *

 DTE:Q(]A'Z9I$3^$?69'6#\_

M)5(CG*T2$LCH$V.4A23N C0N+369/Z525/$CZ$HIDT1#RE*6U,G4IQ1+R*L
M$4YVKW8LC]^/P+[HP[,8BLEB!.EBC+(CJE9Q(])DS

^HGHVLOR8
MEBE()!:$38AF8A$PIB,!)-^-)^( OIUU6(F4!TH\)CZN8]D. ^*,U#XMW
MF69#PI@D U-:)):(/.@-&3KTO7V&2&-353X)4QU(4AV883UD.DN9(SP0ICR

!N)LY#9BZQ]I
(RP&)T))R2.R3$P?8


[0O#331@@21QAAVP8F59 T9MO E ,I /(DNC&OW[%$(&I67FN




$\)ZB&Y
=I)]
X$P
N1C(
M1L8


\1RGK2S)=


5U
R5;EC*$



2<\MA<


+Z


U*Z?S%WXLLVU]HI9;


M970Q

 U8A9I

]Q(KM&96-FJ1I[I5E*SKPJ&_Q*#7:N:T3_KG%%

M?

MRP
OA%O'- [XB

HT:?_;-LU+/KWR3.
M@


M?SP]2^R$B#:-V+O(G(=^XE&T#B


P5?G0OV0'S^/!2?##ION*#

EK;H



H
M=7U3

M9H%0L!V6,6XGJ05C(HRC5DCECB(:@,I-^FMGRWD'(\QD#M


M8[!TVF*8




MM!]1DW]02P

M971S+W-H965T
3$S+GAM;(U6VY*B
!#]%8KWY1+N%E(UXF7W8:NFYF'V.6H4

MUY#\6Z *7^:F:UX-;^6Q8
)@9ZG=\_9EC1I:XL8@Z# W7]S9QI40B7@OT84.




M3_3\2





\?Y-J

L
&7!GPB\'E.]A * -Q
MKX&O#/RK07C3(% &P=7 OVD0*H/P7H-(&42&@3M$MY^;9=9DBWE5GIUJ2*AC



X-M!)B8.3]@

8
HT!T\#XQDM

MAH33^T)Y

^/W5)I
M:5]BYL6 

L_ KI8?%E4%U):5'Y=7G9EP2

CDTX'


MZ7T_\Z[W:;Q?LL=TZ&!?W2SFQVPK_\ZJ[?Y0.V]ETY1%W_]\+\M&MBS;





P
M%/T5Q'YX& PT(DC-2YW%2%47
VN'. $5
+6=T/G[L0TA@#U5LPCVY9Q[[L/X

:(VXV-*+RUJ*T4F1ZLH%


M;W%524=^&/P^94Q.GZ[OV@LA71'Q'#6U+]*4^\$
%ZMG79W2M^!OI7O0



#9 IP
8SS6V

5)QD470=]

MEE?TM AF%^G!)
Y_#FQL5(D-*HO/9A]K+0(P




[J(BJPJ0R^41RO*M78J(RFG
M@XDT299!FC'-2
F5Z(?\AQD
4$#/#PPP7S%_DE\R9[WW7%LHRB.R.[/00(1+






M=%'_^O=)WHOZHS@:]@?3^I?OD[(7#4_;O_S]-G=?3NI?7N2;;/

#5A8





M.L37CJ*SS:;
;K:;Y&:91ILB^I24+>]=;8&>5571P/'S GAC



JV$!.D(4)%/GR^^O_AP=?GCQ0NI
MRB=8#W)VX&\HR




M'



U36\@*.H(S@'FWA
MB@SB?K\?)5N@#B4Q'Z9+OY
O
M29%GS2W=K=V0(8/
 ;C@!OT#%0
3F2)M0V




L
/=






MO;G[#/K+[^TS\-E]:SM?WDF+.]\ROB18L[%*=O#@76
]CTX=OGTG/W[MZ#NC

?2#2[_.[#Y=O+\S.


KEHA?]E.K#].PJ*7]&KR$L
M;Y%&#[@H.!B4P@%/[J-5FK#2M 8]-KD#
1 _J60(^.4&E(!H ;A=D:%R^41/


CAX% \Q\M 7)7]S#IW?TVJVWC^V*Y(
W0O9( -'E;
MB'HTP+:Y@N8CS$#-]8(2$3J)*PWLL*5@U7$S Q!6WL=D
1&V)W@VTFE5M9
M'!DDA/

O!
%2X

/CP!?092Y4;

MK=7N%'H.L:K?5
XJSI9






M#H?;/ ']#AX^BBYH6ALM;:7!D^BX916
4



MYC@:30;PU7AVVAM'IY



MU4X8N.[8/+M-\?4\H0$

M/\=-STFG613P-/ :/6X03%(*$T[%\98S#8I-B&V
\M!UX.FP93/EF^2):E
ME.)'BGH/%)4NV!NO998[+Z0L_84K QB7R5UMA5'Q(+<\*6LG


MXL+B2I?BV#JZH^+-L?'B.A(M0OZSPD1O3YE#Q&AG-1)E$__UUF-@ AZQ9_#
MIK:DPZR2GU,T6&0K9U!)@[$:KM:JP$8;SH3/B*=*PV:0]CY2?;8EO!B9T6C

MP&
ML#;
HQ88+=(5KGB1$G\VLF2)ERU]4E
_4+V%8DI2E@0HCM?4P#JSAA9@]#^
M18Y/1JGV:I$

?



?X
S6

KZ[DE8+CUCETZQ2

/5FS

-9*29XAH')WA<V

]H:0SM9


F.UV6M$X@%D^@J8

@4]3:.5*%W+?



9
ME$D.EP]%*%4A20HS_!C=Q@R!3RK*+(
93IUKZ'2P1Y'U1GMLTBY/F0G?Z*
M8+K3A8;3DFJ[2IX05A1\D.,H,$S!\155Y4&L2Y2E'M04L,E$ Q7Z-%;9C^G
M%/0#9X&&-Q]X$6!08FQOVYS?9U,+OHBA
[XP7HS;$7G@6$I0]ZI3WFR?$)I


0%XX)^=7@0 X$3(XPI4NB:F$@)JZ0]
MJU8]]2R%;L!'





?C9O3P*W&H2)E5S(K
;^Z6:;QZYF_O
R2ENMV!!')QO[8XJ

  EQ*MC')[T&:% 1:^MA KEJ@OLL[(
M1G-V4
HL]]D:IC@Y'@ZC
9K:Z!^KYMFB+-'A  /38&
S4 YW[H@U/')NS##X


W


$



M
:*/?W;AG@W-2A03F-6CF9V5_&Z\O(+WX-E@==9TP2#^$:79^&U*C74IV@


MLB/-;TLE8#Q(_I
XF+8]F!B8=E.A0






!\
Z@;AT%-GJ5L^-;(Q






3



M^W&'W[TS5%W/87OS1PHR+XBU;K
-632I *:E18) M.Y0637Y $K0;I
2&X9(
M;* /G\1(0Z%]


M_314#40MK!QD;@0




M3

MX0



E58
4
M-K^76&I86




MR*X#AZ*$!TJU-K4^D9Q-NU KG=AT:55L+-%X0_IP*=9A3=MGD1Z%N\9B&!YX


(%UG/2P:#WF


0&\_NC.O-Q
M=YYHT**E3X;14!-K7Z1GO0_UQM8UD]


8) NP#LU:6EC@ROR)C2*SK
\&+2\#Z[RTSX;HIVF.<868
5A\OURHGD
#07RQFR/+^DZ:K&]5/$AHA_%$DF:!EE!JW&A%<A-4?9^!
M-@%J_1/A65:+VF+ATCR.9O\PC$:=EAR.].V0O7
VN[&?T T]KQ*G6JNF*Z;

(R0-S5
8S4[*0WSUH
8?

!^@7B\RV_S%&VJ;

*NE


[:


M[N)S=/;A371V_I]_N+RZO+[\^*'10\AUHSWWJ6F[N@AU#.N[GDC-[8]YT#F&

@.^H6PM/B*CQ?JQ@N8O
M@K*\)&U1Y-



RV=I;JG9@KK^
1MI1%-2)E=9T*!;^<]


M]0D1N0X@PR4+G_S@OZEL;2
-3O+-_9@TUV:)]^O3IY;F!=:;D^;K&J-?WDG0
MCEF(?0ZU0@P[]K%/\%U!]21SF$D2PI
5LHV$L
VDU&J_)?)1;=([KE;
WFTN




MU.[1G'Z^9R2UEBZ-5PI5-$BAJ_?0B%

M[F

L=;?FZ:]11NO3*=8

M?
]-6QPYCYP$DI(;;RFHYKV-NH0T-R4E A&^OX:4IO6)2A\OD^7L^HUWAA

-'MG[9*UL$6KM9=6B7JF$[HXVDEKBK57




M-;Z:519]#2/IY.7*B

ZD%?LNUEZRXJ?%I/1X@;8?4R+





MLAJX#XAUB.E;56B)6$=WRZ-FXM@L/E@FL *MVZ&L+)PP\^4/5;Y=(MEC%''5




MK:YTD795-PQ*8/]B1358L$URW[%GB5DVA4.(=0$
M/-OSQ=@&G %IL\4(TUK




PLE(;KF7:ZOM*7I]C7GNP6?



3



MB2^C[MN' #AZ=([D8E/%7F1*L%GUGU%*K(MTON-@Q-YD 8R2J3V@@LR.$P

Z%'C
M(



);MGIRB31]^8CFYLI:3)6(N)Q!X#H6#&2WP%IZ;(D_)

QD
M%D#:B]H(;8



MN/\NJ@Z$$ZQ?MQ:G!'%(MAU2M^+&@G$M/!0CN5=8@WE\2616&RVH.;STJ0

M^1IB7G4-RF78/-P=47E.^'K^F:8PVB/%XD[%LX(XGT@(7Q
'J*;53SZ.IG
MV/Q;+1'GF6G*!@[1Q]S@$)UX034A5:(P&[ASX

MT
@IERR@!5E(#Z +ST6]


 F[:Q73#UJ$!SQU

D)R9B(J#3/^




M1%58M^PS


M^DA96;8MWV)1=HJ!;5T
GH%OQ%4/@W2WD+/!^%+$HK+6KLF.1C'G!?)GD5)
MRZTJ.M?__+?&&


D;D')+6(6HXEG

M7L*I5(6[RQ2Z0Y.HRBO^E]H.[-GX



?L9W0T*?7?J)


-]&WY4)UQV0\SJ(



M'CRS-;1'(Z3Z

MHSL&;KR0!,,CO1F'?DA:)L;
[H2SK?!A4MJF256E@]^7 TW*B%T[/$MI6V
MLIX



M&2?@HYG



M5XY*EAILV $1Y/+M
#?73&^L +85G3(YO!C*0DXB=;*QHD;AHQC


H

OKL[?OJ_



OGH;@
GE6]GY
M('R 1%=Q3/@2IZI[^Y-XK8)0)0&C(5%R!:7$.99
(9[&7DFT$X-H5=NK
MNM\ZF_2^Z1XM9F]V]\[CIG_&-J*C0[\+5=_8?+7$FX[N??-M(V&1X\J:ESW






C
?&8:T3\_&]&V^=2?GXVLQ?W6FW)EX:&NV&NMG/)8&O[K2TC
M=]_/ZCRYJ89B/&3Z+@EU??O8XA=9N9:%;]&.%'59E@^!#5H1MKX7 FBL2A
M^^5DHH^92P?]O6+B7Q^Z-Y&&_1HUI699ZAYGXX(%48-7X8SC!PFV'0PH_
MQH^ ]J&R



NLHT\

MG=O*]U3K8J
ACQ3A* $^+JJYD;)*2\I6/F)C1U0)=H;E+4F@E@UHN:W55H^U


EYKK:%CDB4FM


M

'J!Q/5//LTR]]$JL/

MDIE\#=/P:Z-X
 P%NY_(-3W5KV?]\.L/F+

M)&' MEB0+?MD*_:48,'[U'+=8=8O1_Z8VWIW4]C-9EONZ0I__CL?89!39)
M.



M O21Z$?XFV3U[LH%9H9@$)/XM;$DZ=M()C;=]:3Z=O1-])%:K^Z777$._+VX




8CL*BW0LSHD']&K(=C(&=&I6!'M]W2P\=K/9MY[8Z^MZYZ8=)&R_\]O9
MV2FNMW:R%0VN6^V)\74I1+DQ%!\[H-S:AC%073:9Z08Q$#P %J[6D'%82^H
MO18 .%=;P&AFK.#C



M
*

MNZ3[HVTUI'8



_WLT TD=JD4


@1;#8$^JM!HZ@FPH[#4* [3EO@$YSD8QKNP/

3$=




MH

5&8LO.FA[9.S=^Q-T(\<WD#NEAXC



M0-Q@@UX_

_&TT[(&8%6


R!^

Z?LSV
M.=_^56Z.=[);8N

.&+H_;N? ;[B?<#G






M\#A0X05A*0%D9Y=5V '66-SI2N.W&=!65ZZ NV&P




N

U\KDOJ7 G:MO Z!$R







&]WM
MF*C6H\6UK'MV\(WLA

MV]!HC6:BQU2I@Y*DS:ZJ=A&OC)K]'$R'UN=1W'::V'R]] [O@=#*#E0.@Q.I
MJ=@7*ARWQ')VQJFR9Z1B&/^V^QJ)5V;P? QC1MW4LCM
W6.WC8]F_%4#&+M6

V

M%&'+U
8A0FR 4;?$NS6X6'GQ%4_Z3;]*:*TS&.\\& OL)TY@]4;3FBV0NQ^S

#!]_@[CNQI5P%1L
F*?1J*\Y=1R!6EO'
M42


M8#-K?/YQ'4!AN))+R5#6D?&26_*/
[%4T0F36+\G#)O&31+0!):5;E(==0J/

MW+$4BP9



*B%?PWL
M\QPA?M)=4_#O+E;I

35L(G9$A


MM



R5JHD(^(^%S6/H#4SK0




3++%-:M&ZYUHR='
MH@?=L]

ZM)38UH*KMPX3*&
M*3

M
]
M(K:YW[^^H@IU70X,;<1[!;AW?YNA+^EUFM[&V -1#*I0YM9:TQ_)AJ.K.Q)




M0?5-1#7LX



M5


O=
M?:U=[?LIR@ ?;?#7  4D_+)%RE'N-)UB#=SI*=(HH


#JU$*.
M ;]8N673IIECZX


MP&]//






U/
MZC7??PD=#/MI4E$7

MF3[CWVTK4[=K*5\514
:9]

L6_@&TQ[BC?E@







8N9L
MN 3B6]_V!'F7/;HVJ WBX0[Y [B <40GVEW=*513!<]_BHV

M04Y/'$S1([PG0&?BJ!H

M=W:!#NS9WY)#T 0AYI[,1_.6US9DQ-%B!?Y/@Y'XCRDK.&CT'K-WOTQK4($
M$[/\&E#:M_WCMT77Z3B12V]50W+F'WT8&@I!L)+I904ZXPP6=;[') %H5#!

^[20U.J:V9*]UUZYS6.Q154D:
M2WJ,4E:@+(#RO#+=L*Q)D6N



DK]2LY 0]
3I2%EFZ A CB1[ _RE4@-#52R8B
MKPU8%D/\M9$R'SH/%W8WIJZ6DWY/;



M6.CM

M+6Z0!I%N(\YQD YCO?'UC#AZWI2LPJ(QJ!QB9;LJ BAOBI(N$\6*.-SF6:FL

M246)M%5TZ%) 2=GP14MW
%+J;AQD[4VIN#B.#*+PH-EZQ5G8$/\E#HK]ACXC

M!T1[V67\@UVHE#27WRTUOS#FJK/:[$1K72\I450:TKNX5D[L]!\P)CP98=)J


74KS+UFB-_9
VOGICQYRX28[R7/%DNXZMT0
M
C8BPIHH






^PV)2!HD"12N0__I__3]

M?O



ML5 [)9&3AA;4DTS

R
MC.R7?^



M:\;L\@S-C[5

(VC25'93?;NWIX1@?G'Y(?IM].D#


M/?'&B\A&I
8&/1-?9 M1^# 2) )FAL?-=?Z725Y[E8L
/?F+;D-!\%)]3@.;

MUL_5!7 *I$;_BH+H1


B/J_/4O_UYQG# [9
W2V=Z3&QSF^&9NQ\ZYOTXP






WX(!^SH;1
2^5(\Z







M)Y
$N4=D6PG2OH+3:

K2^:*IX'KEJ8Z#GTM;NL!TS4DM :#1TP%1

X(4



MK];/G4=W9^N/-_)N?C$-;=2IKEJ((BT-ZOH\._ 3DLL6DBNI78R#!BS?X^
-99\

M5C1$O!VM#L7=RQ/G['!!MLP8NJ3L3;*BU)4DZQ7

M12__ 08#











M)=4J)7ZM33MDLL2


]CT



M9W$#F8_K3QR F

U%QXO+
('FHA.VYK3Z2A

M

&2]T-I<:QJ34VM



(458Q75WW%]_%28H2$
F*Y1



M
]N+H7R6T8UFT'6F0/-X#V8[O1UV#B&9HY
!0T3#L#C 1UWPJ7/'
UR8ST-
MT

L8?
0)?JUU#)Z=XP:FGSXB'M!:LV

M%EE3_TBM C/@[1
K+*$;EY)@1S7%%!9CF_0**S4S
%WRS%5DT


;*^LFVK$OMU2*_)%[Q:^
M1IOUKZ(&]!7)Q0&10F^OK./I<KQ^0.3/&&N7/(J_%(@YIECAN82B(_;<CAX
MMA#7-UVR_OF34S*UTMJN8[;I-F0^VBQ:6X96T\':W*F8

_A-:D* N.



MZ8]!KCA5Z(^W9N9A1F9A04G(C!]CNDNM3'4K4X2!=/TG^.
:= 5F?
W))M#G




MC

A$

GF+4%\L5



MJ696D

M)X8Z?Q#YB 81\TV?W8:13F7[D$CWTGMCT^W Z\]NF7II7%]K=$S;T2$3C PO

!KW:MLJN!O&*@?&1&SIW!(

F)01K=D'5!@S0P;DE6X[NGK0%6V-L)'-EGNOJQH@1%7$N#W*399WLA
M9:F




MT*8SC-OWC1T/RBUY:NOE/S=_$VY  O4XB-(XR_K


M




?]760WADD.(BYM8M3Q[0LTRA(;YE%GR$=)'D
M=0#Y3 &C




2#U'OYJ77
)/ ?=D-B@6U^T



M.  


S46R]):-]%!V8 ([^#TH;NE.2)\(8T%^G?9

MRJ&9#[C%/U#AU=8MZ?:Z.GX PF]V=72#ZP(LH;3DURJ_#X\*'5MP5LFN6BR#

MRV.9
YA2Y@LR
E!BYX:)H[5F






O7EO81ZPL1$

MO+V7O/C1





KOL
.3S)\]A0 0'S%C@1+K0RIGEZ2YBIBU&W*U\4-1GF)UX&$A6



F0B0Y-SQ$-R&Y%-\3EB@=VQT.@:9HEF)6A6/$-%943H
MS8QZP. ;A)@(\XQ%$:8/?$7TI]MYI.HCW@08OF1!L1/[64:3)GCC_K ^B=Y

M;+E=H_6GKR\.'/-)3GL 33%



MC6(;Y]SN1)MR


^
MMNX0#;6

!M*





P[PFU


/\
$_W3QYX!X5AO/)BD
%_@W
TM%

.1R5*^4/IHC)XH'UEM _6ZLG

^:
R



M9
0@_^];2KES*Y=N35ON*4+JYNG(5C6CA#GA 5R3UQKY1:7-.Z0\ $R^UC

C89B#U0XCP<)$CIQNS00!^FU:QD)SV<@HQQ!:OR[7H6!+04
M9)Y3-4K^ UQS#@:-P^M4O#E?58Z_FGLF#*:V _*!C
X!+


MIPFGTM0:W4GC))77TWC83XGAH(9HTV-*FDZ/:5BXZ2U3;TI(LXQK2^-1GRD'
MH*(M9M
)*2C\(/ RXY[0D21FX#

((E@^IA=Y^R#XKQX^E^I0
L'9&

M\72-: $_4Z?P!XYCA] @U*KOYNBI]1DA%MC(% QC\RI^5REUT]K4V^_X_J(5
MU*E
9A*5L


+1SVQ$$J]Y\$*\\(:CG5T_? =)7T2E




M
967PG_



AS/X&5

6_I%]!LY2?FLRZ2C?;9C):27H@^_(4G2.@3?2JYL
M=[4([82-P6\BIMPM%A
*1+QY:K$Y-QPH@.J8!
NR-IKA\JDMNS:(\ZV0/VE.


U

M
Q5
'%R6XPSXR3



9&CHYGQBF5]AIZ S


S!ZU'42L]C$QG1@ YZ_9B1&^3ONP<*8Y5E)*KFQV4*M.)%T'2++_S@

MD:+WX\G%1X]H8U;AQ?GK/R%C[^3T]/W'EHR]'UW8%PZ*/Q+K&AD







M[@

CK
O:BRHCB4'_N
MY


4#:6XLT$SO!,4!WJZJD(L
MZ


D
X2X?C2';H@EW M<Z)A)($
MDE;Q_9L-.+?=,N+,KO B^G$*(M=IVI&
&G%@M








M;V4P PC'*4/PTGC('4)?H01[T$Z;UPD$M9

MT&?X*S/9TADY\\
0Q@E9*BXWCKW;M6T!-ST9[:L /[T7:V%$0790&#M
3J




&

MT&Q

VE(LC=WX32

 1ES85!W:-2]JB65AS50&
MOBV'4
$]:U=2$^J9O!3E_ YKXE8HE.[+2'/)TOXOC!HY69=6A-O]=
]D3]9F
M)_':C!/G3&9TY)E&D&+^TK:



MG[DVN

3<?%-+
MS%08\8$[LYH4LB?H]V!SF97HZ#7;:V9H.H%ZG7#<A

-ZT
MNE4S:N+#$DH?N


%ROTN_OFVO





M(]:HSM7F0T


(0P&.M'
NYXZS/(WRA^SU8P

]
M

M[ =0S)\D$?98TS@/2T2EMBUKMY7EN&PN7\@\.^HL/\27WKKOK)(I.#*TB:7H
MEKV
LETDKB)G8H=M@EM;5W?B#B1B/J0C 0]UZ@5=)
R?6!
Z=5!+9(/B?V






MJ/)EE4WT[!N66NZGCZ:*P5&:1CW8^.@??;\
T+Z;U*RY==-B%@8V_4.;
M%D]:?<YQS3E3M(V?,N5R,$CK)+FH.YF=.6Q1UM$(%9U6XFYOP:CWXS# ++P




M^ GC15C20E
!9Q$ 14


MYH R
R_4UA3Q@;.-G_OZV%%;H4+I^*FL]851 $DPKIW^1BHRK+ RS0%V26N\

*M018:20?#'W

K-LF!ONG6;ZF6G=V GEHN+;&MM724#KH\4OF9L;?6
MC9
*3*#$6CR#.$
\V







MLVG::*!%:R)HFXH]T:(I3N\7DD-JYK*8? *YGE.Y2
*8S8YM;&D
JE)5X%V!

88P8+-PFBIHZ':@16HDJ[O26M1AVQ?K6(GM#:*B ]LO


M&#N6=%E:C2AQ2V]PR:?W
2Q\WFY4J$H:?Z$M$HEQ?51:Z:4





\] H5ZZ
NK-I%A.

)QV


_
J.Q*4A8Z NLQ(LT


HY7JQ!
MB\/F^@M=R&:RW[[5+I]1N



NK^AO?_VOJMY/WJ5MK7V UG#C5[3?[6;9D2I@#V1W$K<^:E<[<WC\!F0




.)U0[LHLKUP1AJY!^$!U4#YM+6=0:K.

M


MD\\J(4HEZW
_HKL





\3N +^3GCE= 73R

M(N\SD73LNR1ZK7SJK/5$(.ZP^%1
9Q0I;@3M3& T[0XG\'1:'-(\'_I/+DVC



O4
MS

MKW3KATE0?+:OL++2.#%--N$AX-H@]S0H

FP\J
*N9/K&;]HX'
\Y*:AKG@CUMMX
VP+B$%8O


VE/
.$Y37B%@28I
%]1C+1EN@E6
MO$3SFX+,V\GQR^/C=+3H]_-#.(#YFTYB#+:U0L./AM[CZI&5BO\CNBW=@6




ZI!$93YP :$
KJ6+-K:D[JRZV3 M6S_5.JT$5\?U#9X&47LCLOAA



M=V?6)%6YA@T@4\2 I


5P$I
D<7.O+8O[!26@OF
[[NZZ^4[N<J]8
U?S9?9^Z2B0O

M4MRJE+ZSR!HG_CQXK]RQ:N%8=72?8T@X!05B@$0_#0$0Z6R-C))2-:&G:YJ;
M/D]56(EXSBADIC6BB.&_M5_B[70^?5@_1&^+7_AGN5I.QWKJL0Z6\RCOQ\
\

F+?[

I.K'
M:9[&H\PH0ED\
C=_]KWC6)T]






Q_92/S
M*8

]N'Q D4O.)S71.8J!(%[5&41]K\0@7#N
S5]-=GV*MB[%$3-94FY#\7^W@/57
T$!/]TC
[EOOQYVPZ_?%49\@'G5]' 0]^2Y

P22:



M



MB-


$V3=IE&2(

MW44(Q;M%#NXW^^8D2?/O(W/L3XELFFC?2@*W@O%\LBX]&'R::OS&]=QGJSCJ


Z
MY!




* 3_SPXN$Y]8

M




W!X5XVDP:*Q*]VX?YOOE8[X.!ZCU\8

M[%4XW1P)+KW' 7N=E(OJ)/*3+6U8H&
S[5-VIHRX4T-^@/86^_8[.;7:H\^4
MR]_A4+.HS/;=Q(Z+&IY.$NQ:7



M[6UE9D$+4 (UAG6A\;P7H-P)UG\&6+3F1/F7X?GH'^(&!VR;GXUQY1K%)
M'?O7)8S@KR5V^ L5B!





MBO[;WD
0']J^)?%@B+PSVT



^





U&W8KW43K:8.'H_DK%@06D'G:+%&5IFMS0T0'W&PUH#C0*AVC3


M&(#1#J

M.K-ZO)D)%ZN]\:6_T+@5JCA8J.H


M47-;?=


8/0+TBK29@Y9X0
$P


M(E2 

+Y;^'IY:
_% /?PAJXOY#'+[8


MG*


Y/
MWB(_D^L
6M7XE&:8NITEZ2BGTFVI_C\=(6I#U?9:;@=DO?;_\HCFS[V
GP9U


*1F'[BA(F1;&E7GUWFSN



M!CB7 BF][;T8%X_3E4T2]LS.'N %B#
SMU]VI[#X8A4K5N+
M![

M/#'S4?9\106#LZD7M4W=V




M&08ZPQH@?M*



!:$F+!?=Z&G4.TDOD?P2NB$?1L2C\D.-X(S24@0

$
(0\SMET-&XF%
MN'I196W(6-4[\BDP'5B !1 HQU)'%(:05.6BY=K_FOOEA0H0O2
D69[73CZ@
MT W*VT0\!Z60(1D1S::@3]/#'NW+#Q0

(2N'-$*17R]SG(-W[W[+:JS?_5CP\_OXD2KF*
M =6812G3*HWHSUY#YC#

ME7FX::WPR'32G-T$@J[23R9TI9I9UACU
#
[1Z1X'AD!./1B=E*4BAQ1+P
R2%Y#27L\R
M#MA[SI[O


ME

MXUGT]NSDZB/GX%QIXN2W95$)*

Y6?EJ!W^[?;**YDME5&[HL-B






M XKAS3A+&+$42)ZCR#-HC1 %W\7UZF-KU#X']5

K4HDQ0EBO#7&Q!*26J#

OJJ
M7ZNG;JUN !9I&I(XK'I;VOH+1\J%B&!U(Q(XM65)F+VP'T!^8DU7Z@6LTF+

TJ0?;%DYW<

MPJT0*@Z?9L][QT&&


MJS3G+* X3SAI?-!C
ANV
-E=5?G'!]T-8##RP!#:O?DE*ML


Z2_PI!#@I&;A08X!'?HF I3^R
M@.G*1VEA5\%NTRQQM4(B


MPE2]90LH5HBWO=E1V'!I:+53CJ$57GQ1T:0OXD 6BG@DR'!2SR!T;4OAK3SR




/=O#3

MPJC^37Z!@P3AI5Q05



:!=:4ZH#9

#G[L&A[$*;;Q
FRTP

MO
+;F;X4








^I=D5G
MU-L-@DS7LNMVMEY&U^)Q(P.7@JU9A/$M?_]C$7^FG'=H '!;XT@7M8H _Q
MUXIDSN8&E09


M@_(
!6'QX8=%;;2A8\WN=J]9$%0$M%0XK=9RW*%:W153(


M%+YS(:J2/NTW:(E4%.8/(3KH/P*:9S%F#=


JWZI01T24[5J/%$71[_T22Q

; S0+GM]1#E1ONVP1YE;?QWBYT1



MR=O

VO4VG*ZC:Z
M_.79/NNB 8#]5.]2S$/MG+^



 JI+QY-/INPG$IY(

M$C\

M0/DKAVB2'&A ]*(L^:;T




GYT@GGH+QKH6


TM^GHZF9T.1KT
M;V;BTH3[\^YV/!J
AM/H)MYL*&7JY )3&IDR])'P''^!308@YEQ+*O:1L1

M-9@#EB*!?0Q)!=$1P+8)9%QQ$_/79)E2E6[+]P&[=D T+AOY;-A&[Z%QUAT
M2S@$W;Y G;FHS_*542,N#YC8B*/T8?JE,IM,ZOK.#   (.E6VW-H%4'$F)P=
MI?C=%=K!]$ES%$%N(44BQLJ$





M(F^##+@VG\5_I8  Q$? FAPU]P%MY+Q*^C7L^NMOD
34:I#1H?A'
4YM7H0E



MZ_]2V@7TT)]_1;

.(VY#T(9N-_D1%76B9+Z



M0OX&M;SJW(?*E]X@;:%$
L_XH2@9-F\Q

[8[I@
M(@I*G+ ;!C8XA(8I3IQ:AJR55]3)\Z7+!\7I Y')%XOM.N60&\I@-7X.)Z//



K*2)J*M%

F*L([S\#(Q3.^ TGI@#%X!PL


NAW*ZHV#Q&$!K(#$$]F






M%\[E]ND)


5+X
 -I5!5-]5$E&%%76?Q



T;(_=+
V['+T_
M7I)X]RZ4;P#N@*W$54PCYY=LQ$3JT?KP$J$0B0&O)(HM37^-:&
O]O%\FBS
MN6!W7D(;Z I298ZXAWP9]:QKK+YL
C0=; !.]Y@L\IT'N\&KSL/0=(Q6LQA*




H]MCYQF$WM\#-WM/Y_
BM&-VS7SPZ/
MC-MG?A2M##VO5GY-. )9X#WYY8BU(B:QV!;3Z:)])EJ
!+/)=FUZ.M=^US
M^S SH&(5CZW8_C/$T^T-86VOZ_2)_4F)G#5:_076I?^X;K_Q LQ*#':Q=:MG
MBI!5EUU%_[(RJT)0??(=@X9_P_2FSXP(1
KY#D2ZH\E-/T1QY9_8Y2OC_J]
MW[ST]XCW/BP:NLJ'EV_A-T3



8UEQBC$PV





Q-

@\Y
A=QV_FQ$(X;9!O1.E5
M]H




E*J
M%D8<*P/8:?0KU&WZ] 8UFVS1/C;6U4];^CS+4'?J)HT+;PEY_58RUA84P1P#
M:Q1 ,W=9:4Z;^O+@L ;IN%%*6]\9[FS
NP?

M-B8F
)5S#VRERO6/0JT?Q

&2:%[01;8(UK$Y0O.#93C5=C?FW

M/XU'5U0G@AW=V^OK$3=R@:7DZKX_Z=_

M4B.XT#$'/)LBH ADSF:9WO! *7[FI*XD54$R;[IZ]




MRO I63&]DS%I 9I
O&4S?F#/SSNF\2P0OYTKX*Q7A4&\E:ZG*I6+LI(BNNU-


M(_Q0(:^0R\P
)STKD?W J?Y;L=%E

MX*B^7(9?0IDKYS1@OQB/
M5L/TVF_531:RYIFY:PMGD8;VZX;1C







)3\%X_RK%#!AB,Q3\E



[D_B$


MY#O#9[\C/P$RX4T:.;JE'?KU.T!S+_?Y')$BA/=K^([=Q
M%HYB


X:VS +7FSA L/1' %]
MV
=:=T#S4B=@=A E:+CEC+RL=J^700 C

=@2L














Y5 =1
RX]A4(63E?@58N/\6O

M;YEQO!B!2\6-X# ?$J#DZ






Q0)#53%=58%QPT-?




M)4MJQF_4:)?Z=130P

!YX


6]NMXXTR&=[=3F:CFZMH.KRREP!?IW@3YFH+


-M28;1FPJST[=/#PS4<Y+U.)?


MW+ZL
TJ'ME$Z^'7L8IYQG?S(NAGEN K4F)#P%T]V.Q%058ZI6W'-/J:O#_BV



Z9Z[T==L/ CZT_/:['P(R[4


MA0H^5P9M]I-Y]^P@LF;G&NP-BJ)N RJXJ.: 5!SXR55F8BC?H29$5)!G8T


MC56*HUQQ,S$NERFWPY[%^5HSF7N)8)-84S5$W2QR+K0JHO(AX^I1DJNN.X)
M?/$AVB1/6/($:W 6&_Q^WY_,AI/QG]%D.+T?PY:YC&[OAA,JU!R=W-_T[R]&
ML^'%!P!RW[^EV^\Y-)6@2:V8V\YF!'2^0'^%4!&V5+^?D+@*

M )








THDP(  'X.   -                <44  !X
M;]S='EL97
=&   AB,   \
M         ( !@Q<  'AL+W=O<FMB;V]K+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (^?4B2





84E 0  $T7   8

4



M 0(4 Q0    ( (^?4A\/] /T@@   X]   8                ?H^  !X



M965T

  !D



3Q0H0$  +$#   9

3

M A0#%     @ (CY]2#8?LR6? 0  L0

M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (^?4BAG)0QH0$  +$#   9              

4      B/GU(XE (S)\!  Q P  &0




M

S'B;B? 0  L0
  !D
M ( !I&


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      B

+5H $  +$#   9


M%     @ (CY]2%A;=^&B 0  L0
  !D              ( !*&D  'AL+W=O


M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (^?4A@)+*DHP$  +$#   9                =%M


M971S+W-H965T



BYX;6Q02P$
M% ,4      B/GU(\


S0N

  !D              ( !



M:&5E=#


Y+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( (^?4BYU2,WR $  . $   9                9:%  !X


M?4A@0

M+W-H965T-#

^?4@!X(KK?P
  %L/




M='

YX;6Q02P$% 


  -L1   9                ?NH  !X;]W



RYX

&UL4$L! A0#%     @ (SY]2 Y5!K  0  000  !D

&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#4W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 


M A0#%     @ (SY]2/YVGA6V!   01L  !D              ( !/L(  'AL





4      C/GU(:'(\:M4  ;P  &0









4      C/GU(F1R0B$%   8

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,^?4@5 S&[X@$  '@%   9                :_T



C20B/3 0  WP0  !D






YX;6Q02P$% 



^?4CNFA8_VP




#  !U#@  &0

4

^?4@8F25#+0
  $\.





M(SY]2)WHA'O. 0  X00  !D              ( !.S

M='





4      C/GU(]LCKJ
'   =+0  &0              @ %[

^?4BRNF[3LPP  (IG   :

3 Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( ,^?4BLFJ.&&0(  X&   :                :A6 0!X;]W;W)K



3 S+GAM


^?4@(

M965T





^?4A)BE'9 ,  !$0   :                6%V

^?4@5
M

M965T

^?4@(GQ.430





^?4@Q

M965T
3$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( ,^?4AT;EKF(18! %)[!  4
M        =R. 0!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+!08     ? !\ 8B
(   OI0(    !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Lease Obligations

      
      

 COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES Lease Obligations

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0000091388-16-000064-xbrl.zip



$8F)ZU&/4
MRO\8QLJ:4+F_V

M(?N=A=[9Z





61[WG_\M/_CY3-^VG_(^AD/

MU0=KRAPFU=624O:GQ==9.A&S/)[K2+$5:N:_K


Q'*$FC/NV!Q*2_*--
+HQ/

M-]?Q+GW?CU(/7$B#_^(JGX\PX57\+-&0]\@0?/H*TQH:&'ZZ+U=$K[OICT
/9ISB=7F5!_)#.XQG@^QG?+U$(,*TAIC\G\UB&9M,H+K(TNQU%-'HBF ^3
M!EL88P(* 84:^-+'^UP  @#A'MIU;C8._@]S]2-BGPVDX2_DK<LDA+R$\_P

 \1K$*]IZSN<'Z\!G '.741K%V83P+
%S[9WW)X?D8%;.QZWMNT-



M-BT5ZVC1_-:4&B0@( &A1_+L4B1#R 8AFVY8[G_GZU!!K6F%;L3IB8
G-4%Z

+M/48S4@;A

M6CZM^4WXO#0M-NP
;T])L2&T/UYFU



M4+2@:+5MA.EW[]:PX[%1C$#2?$@X. [@.)B7(=.B.V;P4!^5TZ'S_EKH!!]7
M)[C.6(1]-J]BL_^^A.%@]?SV;0 H /0X0/5JTH9Z%]2[]#'QT*H%K5HMX_+\






M&%5NYT&MTW_Z\O20[

MKN/O \?U211J$=/;! 9
GX+I#_'D+LV2XFG[.D#RSR_0!?!K/GX'[V'T@U_P


^
MT-=G8[I(DC7'Y


M^OX!QWWA^'B''6#Y\@Y$P/

M\U+*Z6_)]%9&JMOBN#_H8YJ4Z6VFI@.8A8[+5KXSPF-_Z0CV$DXK3X1SQ;
M).L+QX6DPZL'
%T(IB N[\0L_VN46#JX^!%!J9]8T\1



M(FQA9!9FZT18#X)KA KM06MWAAM]9Z

M%V5\FY@%@!=3S$?6UIG&L!P989^J


2.X('5[
;3X;&\O
%A#.LA^NLJS/DUJ(OCANT
MAKGC79HI;;49=KQ
Y^YTX#D@;WJ.?FTR%5CCBQABQ.FKL#!T8&M>_Y*0P==
M@;^BD;^R._U\V_UH




6;A5F72^^+G6]6? [9KP.K:D[_M




O[_.I

YSS$MH:\D.Y'

MY$62WF;1]\F=&B;7CA8:W-3KNCIXD8Z:*(6QS]\^1SY4
\;[)
Y^RV_+J^Q3
MOLBF^^8/A.*84*C^C

4CE /9
%(


K='95[AM?I@R:$3V')8,*@G4F44?-)'J/[12.D)$EJ3&.._
\




K!'AM(-$[2]F=8+1O^- *GC

DM2?
M+T 83A:&EP@($F&@1/SS3L9_8!;.EX1#A 
)
% 6C[O:M!H/=I5^.6 W))
M-:W=$XH/
&1KDTM[QQ-?+R9P.+$1
GC&F^E\

)A.0LY?.I2*;)<-7/
$N@E?302GUY2TK)T--UTD[BNW^=--#<T: 5$62.
M],L<C5G[@,89?D@&.D<_G3/2BIEQ._T@_H+X^*O0782U4Y(@?&8_8[';/T(



Z!G3
4'6
!A
 ])Q&\K*Z6:4\\ON'(KE3G%8/4;!Z
M(8U4OQA4D5D-3FUJI5



3C1,D








M%@PR-
(.31.96$


]H'*

MUO3B2C(

1;M
*9E#(-U8U

R
F*UH]=J]I* ^?BF2:@$3T*1$U
M%G0D$_B=1<Z05M=WG(KC3YR 79BE'9B3 XY2 ($I$/WD]Z(_1%[1_VB?Z0^


CA5;7'^1;W1A](



!6ID;K/5J&1*!L$M0=!K6=H3\^9
M+2]O







MY+W5!SO3M38=
^T%%L/QQ
25OKG


ME$RUV!]H/]S2&]IJAP-MTN\^0H7GP]T?5/[Y2OI4WY/IEWS9E564J[UDJS]W
M2JI!/)NM?F(6X$];YO9IZ;OK[$(&N=]4[WH+QG)M5M.S8)#8S[[O+'X7N^



MA9 D$1H21-Y*!7.UR E 4=Y\OBB78Y2&LUO@\*K


!YA^8P
@+73*0Z][ENM_P#3QT8SSTU@W IR*7=Y@_
^
%SF=9\\%E^-
M:^BE=!GIW*D8KB?R!/G]?;J:0OQ]
EM
T^SV?9[=SJ7'\OS51BA%7OP5%]-?


(
MG^0$]WK

MGE/[_E

MTO0QCX?Q
O3D\U#2JRUXEONGD!\$@#(X^Y@9! *4H3B\L''D!PY!(%1#GY*I

M;!F

XM@
HPH-+!KJY]
OC+?#$O



M]=

MIR3YG



MY'BA\6$QFZ?)2EL62D?^'M\_[V:^BN]_7XO2NIM


1CT=;$&B1B9LVXJ/-W62
-3PYE$D,DS)Y/7O[4]SR@
MS8:NS708OPV:S#A-IF%F!+8(#6J+D$Y1P5OA!GM2.]F0.$3(P#Y6@ V
/M!K
M](%.@)%XL=@?*(AGL^N'(HF?\U0?'^:K!'/R75KN_*HL%S*\6 G7ZL\=1:/N


HF:DF/ZD3R



MR+;SDNO\S]]^+?+%PX9:YB&NSOKC:VJ/ZQW/^0 ^=B.]VI6\AVHW]%7@6A69
MP=T =T-K5WDWGZO[


IG]ZG65K.BV5E
?JNA*HJ1@]]W-
+
M!-L:X7

Y['D#UI#?V.T7K9;\SK@=[N-[L!G@9@%;JM7=QJ$L&<G!&




76 ^FR4:59Z;M?L:G#K@=M;!?AS,H]3M1<D
MR+-R<9\4GXI\NFBETV/?CH/X'A+?5QBBD? VZQ6,17@O[3FL?A/$Y9UA_Q+






M 2;%T 


JH


8;B*GA

72.WL8W2?%+=I=OLA+KXE
M\Q)Z23I/![W





M&B*U=;



M%P4;FH[.+GF!7








3\
M ,(=)N@T1*Z63GU7V6KPZ0W/5H-+WW?S$)Q8JU=[$IQ8Z+[QA9R$*SN^KW'
M@MOVZBV UA$.U]&N)MCA 7308F/V 7308:/I9 \0I

M65X;OHAN!ZA$NTMXS0T3WUX/N8O4T?G!\3HV?(^D#6QWG_94S0PY71[P








YHWT9*XP+1X
53.UL)&P)

H2Z2-









Z

*QQDS;%'L/9%RO OE=6DZM&5U'$F2
M$Q!]G#C#SEEHT#=\'-.O&)BE0[F031+[].5<P#9P\8
S8L4'H_G-V+AW


U#U$O*$]J8&T
#!3 V
M$+



63O-K+-

+12ZWHZ

M&2C0*0WBJ)EM-#?G\;;A^6#6P*2T$IO .5B0K]
A43#N8
N@3-U@!;%WGPY$

YDG_;B!ZE&W44/VGET\2



MYNJ;1B5_O;Z/Q752/*:3Y+ M:+#R9 H\#A'F@ $QHV8T(%5U 

04T!

8:8

T
MESFZ& [_&'N*:WS%'QV
23]B+&)UJ(XS@A%!W%LM?@#DC2*\YQ-\^U@R+EN
M.])!_T*&#)$YNK??EI(QIIFTLH5@527?N)X=MEAK.$QA*8:NT9=-T*!.=&T

*5&M%#BD

AO$W@:/$0(.7\QAK4H1#8\^'Q L

Z/X\



M&Y\;A-LX.#O;%;P+XB/B5-]'3AVTFPM#*636.K-SBA&[O-&^44N8LL'@@?





K^JR'GZTR(GS3R04&; EX!KV;H68CP34/K2.L'






MP[]E!QMWGR@9'YS!03D

MGDHZX*F


4R3K_8!N=^%




%9*0-9N7CUQ[?^)M)S$LW\E<1&MRDXG

M5I[P*A&S0PLA9!
_P)YO86[1U:M0#U





M[G/RD!=S^:WR\4\LX20L$AHR==R/-OW/OB:\UBVUA(B?J74H&O/6GW;40Z
M2XI  NPV+TYAK
V%[UD!PJ'M$L=B+ C7I.(LL@3^\9??\^Q=+..2F=+GR?2'
MY1.V7VOGD;MO\VGQ588%8I;'\QI#G3_LK:^W6?G.V^:E*TCH$6PYR$/$Q@&S



O22
MYE-%
B?UC
YFER_S#+GY+BTRS.U*V70;3T&/Z]%KY/JX!02!?GX\V5
MO&&1+9\1S_[
Y%\?;SX^*-9*0$79;9HE2:'BPT^QQ-@D?5A]L7Y$%6X_T\7'


UV&'-DP5U0Y2J^_WV]_BW*['VD




[D4S9

M7B7H2S?@/WYZ90T7+=-I:9F!PXET7!#RO







MK]3:D67'022B3% '6X'O\AO9=FA;K=35NU/'J
/MO!V@+VEU:J;&47I2Y;
M
LIW ^'P@



MCA3 9=
=MJQ 


MXOP]SLJX#.3CKN-%&=\FKU%^*'EE?:22*]38XC0=?X\@6VW7HAV7J)*K6E
.3');[/T?Y)IU2VD4GK/4<5C.)L^EY^K'H[5@9V

S_IR6WW;\
M@66'\719+%!MFI




AQ_) 1Y$3
=WRT[DT+?(\YM900&@J?
M#
L/V:[#A.MXS JL4H]F_E5:2?RK?!8RY46+-*1GAXFTI@B =.(/]%/
OQ
M*U
B8]

Y7MW:N$/C
MF&'6AH6NBSP6HR<D-J!<-WJW^VMH,/T9?3809RS#!K8Y&0,(?Z)(JP[\M_
MV\*OM+']9U0.K)*1[H2Q[.EG7&I[SCMYF+G?6($,K](*QYRK9#WRP)8?)U
M_EQ[4]^K/?J?DD)M\(YO$SY7\Q94A;Y6WK3_0,M9#%+?8DF9AX4$?%PFZALU
M%T59^F<:[#YG:PY!EN;%GUFI)M

N














M%0-UF(7/72]PB6HI03@02[XRP3Q1'[X(?#7#*')&0\8923D5$:%V++\)5^%
MP)2*L;JQI_*UJ5G%'K)MS!'E&.-0
=9




HHP..7']

M 3=P'96A%MQW1.#) 





D25]421*P*?T.?A!3;C8#]/


LF



M$OMDS7R[IC=4K\1JEGA3Z5#A02EO2:^=IK#JS #4'?=LWFELPJXX[O6HS8


M
OT4%_

$8W\2Q4& Q%[L6IMBR AG05^/4$8F.GH4&'-76.;$(I9&#
#VPK;HU P/T#C6RI1)D(


MY1+463YZRP-C3S:B4D[(RI@6J+&[_FCTF1+8\6-C*J#+W08YX52





M27;'UG;
I.TB

LL2UM2Y7+T%CW'K_,S:;RU\BW?!D&X!B

X5Z;G#283M^N D
A9;5_TFD*17^X#E7VHWTV



?9


MH&7T6'%3&-N.-60HDF&S30(GDJZJ'X4R;EL';EX8!B9OCNN$L0W-B.
^QR1T





%O)J-1#D;K;/3$5-;LHCJ



MB#@3;E!%%






!C
M'D0\&&MBOA..MM2<0G!DV=3CCHQ.O 4KKMI0(J8&.MNB$XXVH[N=;G'HXA&



MM:3B+(@?3+&8@8
LZ@EN!:XG?5%/V*S:6(_#* 2+V0%GVS&5(7$M1BCWF1]:

1P:%@+/*Y



HY(J;GL6(


39I=



S_P:HUN
L@$





9/12)7==I 6^)&@9 1EX^)5+\D$KB:T192NQ9/.^N




7M28KSG




6)

L)QH#3$6J($D6XN]DV_Z


M1P^K;]^%I
M&37[<USX-V3&Y?O=4C220?O

M6@\E.QL?^=NBSFH!

HZIA-ZD5^AL4V*!



M



O
&H^.UG/VVNAW?X%(NW_S;X

MO.VGT=9OKA'2FXEK@KZ$1TWOJ






#QB(T87
LM@,@YLG\_Y'&&
#$7J?N#LO$
[?!W?S

N$
M(2:5#-U
D(F0]9V$9VP+3:#L$JW2/[\T@[OG!S-1'AU+G(3DM#-29U+]%9C

$_ @__WI
M4S9)EV:0RIO^ACL3

M#S/6'-!A^!DP/
9- .V$-8DJ%8

N=BU

7W4CA0
M3 0.+J(PG@(8E5VX)13]00AC!H$
.T!+5)*ZUS_PXDHT0O#LL+NSOAZ-1S9PGD00F!TL3-^H+/2.GJE)7B



MRJR%J/&$1R$)I=EGQ]-M

M\-S ]









]WDR'JB^&?'_^8Y!%&]XZ.G=_

T*RTS]O/2[:-S&VQR821!P:/E\*CHAJ@#W5N
M0F
!*FC$U6+LNV*^CM4\XS:%:4T+-@@6#(ZU5PGD/A
M0Y<ZUHS%ZCRKW)]VY&@RK#,@Q_CF$QJ&? O1C!P+^M]O97(Z57B7A0<L6@%
M+


?


5)I0M&]

M=EUC=&;1.KF
4J0*HN[)O;CS];ZY&^39\F6
82\PA:2M%8IK@3Z]DB3/6B\E

M$S55F@7T[

]K$('R 4N'-$^S
 #P;
M4AWX
4=


M2FO(['RE!



8Z(



 6P8+V
 B-:M?7%J
MI*]FPXZQSG,&1!XGHJV-'IAEH@0



]AY1V)K5
)-SPCOOI7X$9P+17*-&.!&TL%X@MN:


\3L#[!;DAZ-LQ+I
$QJVWE&#$0HH^X?3!Q
G[
M3$??WO0)D+\4IX39R!CZ=S[D@7\0JFE:M83T*UX]Y[M. 'OE^*BV@3M115

M


MA\+\








%T/!BKHY6BVULQ@^724]8()/T3(\E.@:6LJY0^6/
MQ]($+A)GC-.J3[C


MNW-)P.SGT]P46RLX?C SQ







MJ8QLSF


MLH6!TA;U\6+ #\WG3

GL;KJ8+YPAS*9B=DZM';Q@


ANN@*U[ZF3E1:/4\=O7C TV3:#&_&RZCF
M:DG=

$69.M$L7C2R/82#SMD<HJW1TQ2



M9.I'@]G]=:7/K


9^SLK9]I8DG?%E




U


9!
J4DD=@@ZG%COQ3B
M18R!2=I3H


.A






Y^=9
[_!GQC?QS_PYAP^[[BBI(Y/T) 0B

@TNG'41B\*
P$WG%9[FE6*]AQ@M$XZ@HSJA!#2116ZD@M0I@
MHS$AN
SYR\(!*9NS0; ]L: SBH7


\UU(0=W
3NQE;W#


1H/IW

M=MFGJ8+'PDXG%=?

M1/P:A+&%R@:SNLH2U/V)+3[54IH#_)29[W9 P0:X

S
*NHHE


CBEE:
8YFD1



U'E8G&FT*M'Z
J*#$*S1U (&N3)]W4M
J]77^

=P4G*J\G!&

S6



0]R]-99 0


MVE/G0?'U\.)J0O.C



M\P?29'*]H)U_
[JJT6$/Q@PEJJB*00$'@JYYL(4S$O_QFXY-'AH_04WQ%_4
MF5


[W#QI


M]3






UZ)4FB#XDE(8UE3'I1


T\#RW1#W*0H Y4I3IW-$Z:I:+%=W

M/X+U!N&R-G/Y3D3JZV!XO8KZ\?T+4L2G;4D&6C*=N-;HEP= 5X25HE@=DZ]K
MD^DA/DC_\IX%\/OF^)/Q!?1H!*5)$\^

JL%UYQ/R?- N]
_)


O@R_



M\'CTBME*H+X0V_C.LY;&


MACA:47((J@^I5[IDU.[#PX[3.

MT+
B_*1LCD@2(@GH62O.


M(26FJ9=$44ET+J.E$B6\EF,!&O:' 2^UQO9G0)V@&A)K0?BN9D# &4](I9


H


2:



L:JD5U/9=Y

MT@H(#4;*VANL*[PO&8B#=8%


M*T@FD.5\8H9OPXD Z_,QO:DHUY!BS.
\L!I+[:2(C OTG3TQ!!H^/\U7V
MXY4DS[Y+^NLWEDDZIF*BX*/ :,K@CBF:5 T+9'49:#12^^Q89E


2DC8?




M%V8^J-4\LVY],+SF$NS7:'*BM95-^*7LT7B&;P*AC)C'62U30BN\'@'D

Z?O:
M/F16'M1]7SW?9K]+^U*NWG@;V4FZGK[^0

! CZSU6(8P^E*







4L4PGB*XBSP!,VQ=
M<4Q\2V4-NU5\

MP70Z&-^]G2X8@^*?S?1JN!HXMWYQMGIU*T9XC5O3_)WB

MKF&#E&H?I$/?.GMM&4RK&N%8@A;N=)WS?3#E\&TR3U9?Q%\0_13GGNOX+_/
M\XKAHN=T\:()U@]&HSPD;ONSCH5@*V]$\X1 :HSWWNG@=9E)J9479O/R=I:E
MG^7V\ZH(]VD/


 \






5K

M$[Q(
121\3NVS6Z0'=)N/_[)4G:RL)M21L]

M]6PV/\LZXHF56CKOH_+!J]R NU['Q!\T(!THX?+13Y*N\_4S6DHF029BP$%
M :0HTG&O6KV;)TOW=GXWNQN
\PSS






LP^70&OVALA



N&_*NE)YKEH#[Y)@H30S)B)9&ZVU!'Y?FB8)W[[53R34*



)J



M6G\2]Z+&T/%D%-4TAI%!4!(\X; N
^%U
PLZ+U6L?*S$BR?/$RDF5\\?:C*

MCGMI6K+8U
MOMKMLLK]G$?V


%


M1

%YC8)?)CXNP&X1_CP6TN!OB?YCJS[F3$

9#DDG+F*1#=Q$\
MN@ KH^=9JN<&4]UJ\S8!. Z='3,6=N#P6S.]::8?YI\6.R3S0=&':6!<ZX(

Z#6/
'6F

.S





K0.AD'46KS[E7#)(L4Z.
=W71

1CN4.0WP\&G[(/NXNIY9/RE
M15\T*!=!TEQ4+D4J]MC25)U-HZH*Q

M;

MZX(M)9M6F3H0!U4U&[0_QBD/VKV!BU$Y)HF@G NCE=:FM&@:YY.O-BIPMBO)

MM[-$ \LN)Q$F\80JJ;#-$%SK*HKL4^Q


-A5V+';VP**
M^]

MX.#(S+) !PX\/GOD:(PST3M9JQGT0VJ';^]QJ1_IR1)TO[PZ9$*#1$.N=_*@
M-;W/J-.6N6_4[


MJ$?RIJUB/$WD'K8!CY9Z&J6/-N;)WC2LDTQ:F\I(2ZD/.SO'B/QN.OG:3.^^






W
-9\GTWS'
13W\^5+9WPT.JG13!J53

M&


M(\;+=I?EA-#M
9SKL9;N^_V$RV$S'4ROOGQ_TWQK1NTC05^/O\[O9HLWM)&:

F)

^?_6'
!H_A(70@1B':4F]^Y #)8Q69H: [KGE8(Z

/J_S6!:RR\?





5*2!VA'YP5+SGJA
K=Z?$\4[,3V];_1@4!UE1! 7E0N*&XLN
MB/+&<IU+A42P'8.Z7_[S(MLUFCIW:5F'X: 2%JAW&NP34L3(0]FAV]JS1-/


P%R%=WS?6;R?@FTSZ7=&++5=L9K);U+E-Q6.5($OC; I6EV-H$

1[MWXT
MF(PS9SQ3;(H\;
T6XGBETP[\?XH=WYN%YII0Q,'919SK]#+*#7S#)WE]OA-
MB4Y]XTO&O \KBCBGH)D(S(*R-:?6(F94[#Z1\
\6^JWGS?[PUZ/KZ;-8';V
M2!MYY* 1@*RF









[A*&\

OKVOLIY]

BA-

MCW\THV_-;RC\EW;RDD=:G/( 

ITHZF1^YOPWU
1E*

E_?AEVARYJ-PRZQCEC$'$
TK1%RG1

M4H$

1L[SE&Y);&EK83RJFC&P
MC:#UO

'J9.F$H4&V9
#9&

MQ8ZO\Q^96NW;8+0




TNL69
1$BY]-25(


27) 3=Y]5,]78K''#,F+(L:B.0! Q4:1[Z7!UL!?70

C/4Y1&^7%B=)\PIRH/

MBIQ4K+

@% 1%RA%32LU:9NIGET:??
M?)*G//



WZ#%3[
FX^3C8_(MWOSZ=U@.%K\


MAJ0

ZX


817]=&:=$%-JL/7M=WTUSM=]'Z438_E







=LC)N=M8&YI)3@J@*C;Y;
IV6X7

_SS[??AX]\;%!_;+ZSD484H[M

F:ETVUNT0D;KF&B[Y=CYZ!)U%1\K^PFV$?_+%3]
GT2:WN)A#!0+
M:IN30!U

MH
#T-XH[R+*'.E2J$3-%+9RS(G@(RSN&4%3H3;
8*$3=4K+I[$NL%=8L4G))


M






M\V

@

#Q+1G.FN7==+:.4@::^,!
MMD*R8QV61FI^W3HX9SMU,;/,1<-X^2B9ZTP&][$).7N<LT/,*3)H1T6N^,
MWG(4ALGX)!2[Y@*M9\(##. @=7];]JR0F/:LDO8$*M8:.Z6%\*W*-!E)<U
M3\4C_O=EP;G;6:WC#4(QLN[45%C&5!:KQ*T ]+[VN0=X?TW@ZP!S]FRTGA
M




MQ9=JUGW]O8TJ/C/9-X;UL2B2



M$.Q?+[

MIUS6'#XP&?%L@9&* S/GJI_DB


M'3E^1Y.K\-((B#&BKDMRBO6RC3
+9!G9Y^-K#I:K*%Z6NB)6E*2UDI%.U:

K-Z

).:XHEA)2%3
9J!VW:(FK*_:7)0
/:^.+3Y\O;
MBYN?+F_NZAWI$[.RZWO%D7LO9TP.*Z4+3!DBF9V%JJD@C0T36SDWM\3.IG
M@N*TB03

M;_$ZFZ)!NSB/G+1R;0F#1XFE3S/9OAWWB2(_!_RFM2@BB:RUTR(F#K&89OMO

MY9=-F )[D*3=LL8]Y+ZK

JU-JTM#M4DQ2$SDK?#:M#N2I


=3
MBH


:6\8,4NU
MS!-J;8D144FSW#HHBA_0SBV[=P^)XJ$24L($9X..A4\X!I=L#JV7QIE.X
*

M4I0(6;


OMUCY:]CQ *(+8+@&)M-YSD[;5
GYY9K&FN)1R]C9X$3!

2BM4X*
WDVZ[^ZC[D?H.%VS4E\-(@G=8U
M2*02,5(A'=GXN R^%8:S\0E]NFOG'.+K?B^[N09?S5CXD
C#44G??3+VQUV

_
V%WQ[AHY3O=BCBEPR$%GQ7&GDRF&

BBN*

M7



M-BYIKS)[:TD(Z

K( 


M7IDVC







B1=THFUX:






M(28H;?J+M]1?;;]F+3JRJH08G9*4@BD8G?
E)]?&Q


RB
=KD5;]O\YU;
]'F-:K/Z^6T2MJ2)#-9J9*UD$)J
M/0PN90S]\@;C7W8L?;0M


M1(N@5$BNN&4CC@_]LJTWA7MKU=M)T;R7(B1;@LA@BJ
LVF($5CJ?WA3M^3?U

M[G)FVSO:-Y5[H^CW1[R9J&0VL2@0' HZA:Y1]*!%O_9DVYO -W5[8^R/*B$Y












(H









)ZO#CV<G_S@[/[LYFUW'VZLK_CW?O]8?[@*FL<^+




B
MN\HQSX5D@=60+6^VM@U@CL+DTK5/OI-Z@]
_(-UQX3&M2=5\E(W++DMR28=:
M






L= )=O:LB6!N51[2$_8%W.9


MC[L68
MZJC0X9X2U/D3(OCVN#D.C0$9^7+HXK81B%ZBC@IA]\2YD2;XXH=IU

MKKJAX6V^!\=B$GKM5$@
!@



%$*RX529
OL/*1H
UG[7X?;-2@@U#0RU!/SBP]GYV5UB


QAM(SGM?0VK-WHX(0DO(V-JJ\2* F\(K2
HFB3I&P28B 8':CG



MA?8O L_)G4U
SF)6R91LBU+L=]0BD
8L@QH@.HRN? ':.ID7LL%Z20HI96!T
MA4SM_'

:F@@X*KZ*IZ_OD[FG@93X$.EIC
@GO\S)H 46#?GT@UW
P0-/L





ME5
+8)P+B 

.B\$YH07DDK*AJ-L




MN&)'G+-[Y8K3$
HU%I
.^]=W6%#Q7]Y5_'Z:\5_NV\1;)I2:G*\M4%8X


?RC@%1J/;].A4E

$_8TC1-
M#LST-4\Z@;;96 D5*N\@-+.47 FK+O*V3=,BM-T?1*R2=M#CYGK3)1+;I;



R;P?-$SXZ.'.BA$)U5144&(


YN@W0;^$51@O
B)+()AN%






M'3B




M:C!P\):ZK(F4MAN1?*QP/

9(GOY%._[B73M0H-ECVK**.H*SQ2(:HT
MP40CBXBZ'WO
)L+M@
:?M?SD]NSZ]WFP]C'-_G%#GR]O']SPK2LIJ=_R;=G6




M?391F][//G_LEB;^[@?6OW_L+!I=4*ET..QH20%HXX)&]*[ZB@#VH/AML6
MINEO)Q5(F%8)HZC5+BE*[:R4.J9B%E?D'!P[T=W.2M$O.Q@;S-67V9- N]JR




ACWM
WL-@\X@360U'
M#%F*W*).:=(!5LU5%M@!K.


FKAN-
M%^V]CH8JF
Z&^95NR(KDRFB#D@)(=A4RWK;F_








'%71*DE5=*Y=2#5M'WQ9

MK;TO4B+[JA#





MT@FA3EM=**)R \6^AQ!_]-.7#)-\X5\@:TE*V=37_(B]L.'#J^T[.*.CD#


5$):T(!2@&)XQE9^%L(.^4
M[?@Y'V?[
*6T]=-

]*?)K-
M'YR\-I9)LI@=U898ZRRP4X;8]MZ'(C1T149/-4G;;.#26(OG)SCZ-^B487
M*FWE%KL22UTMP1--TG;R[&23 UM18G)Y#IP&:T72T:;RL!*B2=2P.T$VH5A
M\#L)T;F0I;

9
MGV0$[GB?6HS6N_CUC[.+Y0.W%T

M94*Q6DMG$@MOQ Q1M/?;G9+3+:23/]=_I_XZT8_9^:V;^.9S=??SVYO6:U


MY0.S34

M3-&5D
O=FZZSBTL_

M?





%XV0^50-
M.KHGP^:B








C=GFK=V97&,!D,R=JZ/$1$KW*[S<O!RW[[(!N@,4S*)6!6B+$X)-(




MFJ/OE\6ING;XQ2

M&)B?)6$X!'
NYXFJKA CQ'Z2F#GX$A?XE83\+KBK8V.6$2VVLB8DT.' RY

M$





O.JYX3/@]]?2QR8]&
M%VVR5;D.;0AM%Z(KGOK.]:Y



M%T\?XGYKL*3EF=R-YWJ[!24$J8OPV3FU'(T;?/;]Y*Q#J-HD ._M5MP2H9+%






M

 2\T:/#@G1))?*N=%!WE.4#5R]C3[\:NF13QKAW+ 0J.7(1N

#*')3FAC91T- *$N-%6A=4T+F[L



MNY+8C?G91L;9]?N3L].?9ONV/MFP/?7*\6LK3BN


DHG

'!I_Y1'5



1@O]!'DI
+/_H)M4&BCI:YJ1%8W2.0P]H&ZD!<K\D1P_XC2F%WL. F)B<%'+
MR&VLAE]VZ[%]BEC/[M+#]Q53 7!=Y'078F\N.BO_#Q$'G-BH@A(S]&KUN
M$/C48D_BCY+




MFL=5?U(4IC=_2:
L.@D?#%L_J(

M?(;HF SIDK)U61'_OUR: PD8^TAP8R
Q'0Q[2 G*(ITU[%BUEJ[X@+EUL5C0

KG+1


MKEV2'$RX8FW1RLM$TK=8*THI^]MGVRW V$W
:8 :_^+:1AG(


M&I^!C!



;14*C)4TI2N&6DVZUM+G/4DBYZH0NY-A.




MDGJ3LY(;CB7LOOS7%LWDH:X9DB[7*#;QZ5FVJS*9(3VP:&A5&'0 C/8XA3@Q
MJXO2EL@1/X?XBMFJ7TZ+
P












MSJXB2QL+-B'U$Z]Q&2F_=#LW!M#3$37^R+]?W LHE=I)FFJ=L[RS(P[P#E




Y$'#$*F6F4&^3%HT5






M^NBJ3'8-8M8F&EY[?R1!V31N7K-FK(3*Y.7_/8(72R=&L $7:A=NV2C:=F

 U&P:KR5@HT*6/6\K^5E[

M+#.JH!DNQ.P

'DX* \5&
M67L+.9LDA



U


I76S<8,19[^$6\7!J,B<SJ+%!TI&=0JLUF[1<=@7F8






M-/0@UN 1D1PC_P0&4T0=^T##EL&P26C\8T?'=643[%!W=F'CY?3-N[B8GL_6



2 I(#
#^#5&WYVQQ_T/@$P0]<K#!Z%&/TZ-DP@ <['/LR.:OH&H[2D[





M!+YWNH9 P@N)&'QP[875/ZTWR,1]?/DW[./-Q]OC?P]J[^C!ODV#E$VD$(
%=W;QQ/5HQ778T(
M6FW8KLLVTA@]]I1;?;P2WR;.<!2T-+*4$K2K9=TBQH7 ;:/@*W=E(P8@5Z:
M+Q;S?]WN5N6O/-*A\0V![IMR7*[R9&]-6D3V5*U8S:A*)==L !&B3U1M?[I!




MQROL

(_VCXYTE$H57P$





MBWXK:H:@?W@I@[D%19 INUP'B

M)JV\\*FA31K$U)L:U[5W[4+2@+P88;30*$_:BV* /49V9$

M&@?AQ2;I/QY&. UURC^13*7N!835V2U(ZR),ILN\W-/N,D1-U%8?FG\Y/C




MXP-EE:ES
*D.#'J4
3A5R?3H@Q*]PE%ZHV.Z[2$?(_()B/K'[V0D=J*RJFB(


M[/8M/GW2GR=G'V:7T\67^Y@X?UG




S[T;/\-*RUAIDAR1ITBX*#CN\



MN/L55]U\@[4Z03*@*&J5




MK3










M^=^?9LM)K


\D&@
A6Z&@_M$JV0;BE8.^519T-UIYE-P;;]=6R(*6W9[.U(7V
M5J75)C=E4^GR.*\J]N+)L&R4!5)!%HH8\X^:2'9;VZ1N\\RBJZ$_$HI\[*


M6:HKGDJL4
O%WG'
)Q7[@N(K%-W$TM$R;'R#0!QOJ.1L#@ $Y()JT.PV2(E=

MQN@-2





B

PI##B:P1H/69Z!;=A#0\[2P_$E3V]
M9UM7-VF!+H0BL

&HX#L_



EA0F?Q!J1';_82G'&F-M&D) M;C.*U


:7'





M8










M*-LB$7UHRY

MK_9HH+0GODLJ+Z'-+$DLOFV
\47KWGXK/X+]?BZS]F6N2MV+![F0*3%XP6H\


5LD+T C:ME:5S





FC2C
&Q46@OCG=%9MRZ^* U[<7TD.M)#/%*?

M
F2#@9W2AD+/1DAWSM +C











MBNQAU?@C+R1W.5OR==9D'T(M HJ6TEI=0=H

M5SB8KISFW^=U$EWR^
?@]/BM-=H#%2UL$C9*3*0M^SR5[P!&*K



M'TPY!B$



D FCD1&2HC:'Q]Y2[.;P7L&V%GL;8L=DVNJ1 4*UI,$[6P& .^HX1E%
MX?I,PBN%V^:3#\JK\94P&U= I4';K%)D3SRW648J;)[Z1( \_ELVXL+%VN#I
M8_VG\;;.ZMG5QBSE^QU]X'916(=CUCC.L5;.9^#275LV'N'#;Z'C$@]_H+L


MH-:U]2F#4%K%W)FW/V3X
AGNH2\8!+\]]EAB=HFCP2AK.W;=5)VKT_+'JQQ0

MZ




M!TJRYB1CVZ[$?SGR:_?2 4-$@YH03/8N.H+;E6/+QIR(_0#]P8C?(J Z4K7F
M2U;.&%.4U

MPG9H?*?&S%$5GO$J&O*J]G5;X:VGMC_ N92A8][Q7L@79Z)_46W8U2I' )
M);5@5F71-[CNGQ$;LR!'&:9:8%-J56*+DE6L@UM.K1:
Q!X7])74/6;L\;)U
MCP$J&?9&+!IR2#EF
&8%PN $JN=V%1V8@2
&IJ6]@N(5$A=0)2LPH4A5NS

8(K4+=S9=(UR.]TXM&P
M[H4;8T3

M[H):EH@=/.AI\'!/5I3#X8C_=J)4K*K(USJZQP_6]

#QJP?:V836&!6802-)MVI(K'V''H







M*P[EZK.P224-A8/?9NW%FLX=OQ..Q \EGCT4!8C=L5140&]]717@H+EF(=IG
M[5OXH:0T(B)K\4XS!@PBBB$S[8M6,\8^]2DA)W@2'XL8UB_$'YI(42D%TP
MMA/4BV-&G/I@=*UW:6Q]H0$=._/K_DGS3]/[WI7\[MWT[/=(?O12,VLE1@




GSXP(GBR[:%+)BA5XK0'0XS7)KM/)C

9CX] CPF\M[

:5
A
ME+7LF_!!N#]$\RQKLKU07(3(*LDKS  *C:NYHKOBI:34KQOAS_XADW&
R [S



M8PEP



M*YO5'(3+ K;67$.

M^L[D5\:



2
M!&K$8MAI2FE

*D@C0FY KLEEZJOW8]; 3E0\ARVPL&L .M=Q


M%E9;.I3IBL0*_Q#
R(^ESB!'*]#*/P_86UH!;)@,*^#)!DS(3VR4$XM69I5
M71P9 T*NS6\E:;ML8I1]
G2$9_+Z0AEQ


2



=BN8V)!2-[#DQBRE[5D01YBUI!*+UTXK-O&^



JHK*[8;5%H
MT8 1*'$


%W^;7O]E


MI34-


U%)RWK8R^P91M 4 %: U[4T9R]*J
M'&P7DZH_WO%W45XCQ3&01IE!&&-4EBY]A2&4LLO.\\?^$/PQ%]=$%.!45
76





ZGU!T7I


E*4Y;B(?TA@V2E$ ^ZFP1R1F MD_1
M6?!=VN*'ULE'FWMB(1*4Q#&K)
7EE _N


M-AV%6M.HO
-UL%$)



M&D2:;0WYB?!Y//O!1L)'YFU&139;0[8M&8DHEVSFG'[17*GQ-Q1#)52F0
S



MT$B=DZQCXVQAXB4/-U


3?03


MS2__:W)Q
WWS+L[Y@9]/%\M*Z]L ?DEG\-CJNKQF^DALNUS686Z3JGBET0?
M3Y&$V2Y9AADK?/V_!/?)_[MY$N55

MX5T&P&FI3)?9?OCB#\B.\=U



M9IQ+\LOTT\WB[

M]V

M6O_I)XN&44@*$8B#*B6+A 9Z:I
AC5T&VYF'KN)^63+8QK

M*=.FVDBHSL$Z!-U[*!F#++X(#;8@@0BV&MD[\!.9^_;(_5*OUM_H?3X/::L#

M

40DJ19JO'RJ7QZ5H
M#^:F$.N4P@06Z0M$X?62/I6BRZ+/B ]'WWAZ4@2TD @AFPPF&D+MEC2YNA2@
M7]$S
$VC:

MYU'9V87(09&M6QY9ET9[EWT
5J6^6UJJQ^2_5U:


89HSD/)+5
MS@(ZDDE%:WQ;)\&.LY?;1%(OYL+M#-)B_FFZN/Y2QXZNP^5YYB]]^OBP;+&'
QNTRC((
M%XL$[8ITQ@3FA2O)IU1ZZ)TCX<4XJM3EX 1YX07'[7ZR5%0Y45(4978I:H5






I26T@I58CD





ED-+I$NB+NLHM8I&O^8H9^E](1

#O8<CHK^[7$.'B^REDPJU,7#*2EK;!WMO[L) IU

M?C'[_:8Z
/Z*9OZ'A.30.GODL149O
MC+#L]=LLC/'BZW@W1P2=[V\?

MNY_S;DO


ND#V.J1:/Z(!G$#32QA&%QB8()564+V$<W5V_
MH&L34^A+DOT.$&+Z;LI^U'GRW'ZMY/%F\7RT.=+M*^WT\42WV&DF$1^TQ8!
MD0SHY

P8!!'.K[#. ?69':BJ^@
M&($
F3;W%VM('_?#@.67K\+-]8?YHB)-CB1Y\4T2E*


.33\QN@%]:H:
M^T+2QF

M]DFB7LZX7LXI184K ^B6%(!-.D5JD3=U[KKG1V2WO&5,QLGULM&EF JF%+$
M%12/=4GWXV+[HGY$T#U,QFJEB[4N@WE:P.D\-2W

#8!GL;
MDU8IM]8RFPILA EY-L7W8.Z6[FJ97?(W'Q+K&P*R+VZ#JZ-G%EU!U5;@%4/]






SZ[H_<<_VPGE7%! [ ^)$ N;RS;RZ)15


5+Z!V^)P)
K;E8U!*+,6X(MOK
M\H9Z_9$ VN4WTOI_=MT/_
UK+@A6P)AZI5$UBW49B
X*.@W*UJ-:PSYHS0\

MHVR.T

M_



[NX8U'[X^N/GQ;S

MP^QRNOAR_W//OCJNMO37

O)]4BX'8#
'=4.I;D






 I

6
;AL




M:ND*:F-




MJ'D1V8.K Y2^+I^V0F4EV6I*3ZT
E)7(7=^^$[V+
0JQXVMR9=ZN;*%C2.'
MTLH$V4B/@5RG7&-=S4XZ2



M


^;3R) (%GUU.[JG9=3.*U$M)3X:PV6JBJQZRFINZN@+FXYFD
MW7CNO(T\HSE%'5 7.4YE\P2$S(DJTX(L;(UHI]QW34T=]YGG& 0U
*I&;

M4(^7J##LM)KE:)FJ^[!4*EV;B/HL$!Y.8S@MEP.6FVL-%IR*4V5C0Z)D517J

Y8DW=8*94UD90=0O= VXP
MTGO&!4]UX@V+*$NI3:M02GK.N&,RIV



Q(1(E.:IR)A&HI!E8XSO@Z(JLU]8.' *8S'DO*A(X\


M3O[+$6$]X&83AUZS7


MO-N!(F46FTS,G7UC&TIUE3BM0K67;6B3Q.9@%FC1)SJT)TYJJH\?)CC69,S
MH\36B*Q+]NN=[/QR915/A1WVC2VW&NA8E?-43)6U'/DSV2MDWD7L#S8V3P+
M(RJ92X@7


MI0OSODUB8'

97F#W:1W9A$CX7YY$+!S/



5;NA/-B. ;YO3&/A!)XU[*
M


LY9
M:F++JQ!!F&I5IRI\[)!@=
3O2




MYK/5\
[ZK/L#-RS2CBG'2*K3$1P$4CP&S8$E+0UGA(UD6V[W??A!J_!!,
MQ*DGCI-P)DB%%D6(N!1:*T)S6I:



M+D.+A!513)K6H\Z&UE(TFGI0_MB#IE(EC/'(A2%^$O8Y437UBQ(:U[MDP+JS
8W9JP
M


G@*[K% J%NQB'CR






MW@-ZAB5578

/7K[Z=W\FYX+= KDMD+W@=0S=;$@$J^@CFT344E'I

MY
3[1N$O2'^\W#Z



M E?6



MG;8.& \.K5?.

3?V:
1Z2-CE I%F-=1

03'9?ISGDTG



MY_E?Y^
\J
3';88H;K&QMHZ0!_LAX14I2\N,G=.4E8V@[%Z-NAH)U@V1C@

QPRDC/$DCHD4UW0Y\NF2=8U'+3=@(C0;PV^#(\LAH
MQF4Q4N*L\LS%*N:)J [ C8^47(-FS;1HLW2M6A&$M*A^_X2SX:O!E_+.;3










P-:+J
M.$PSS^NS

Z
MG5K25

3!?K_GBU34--0<1@5T^3A(PE91)
M15J-'')64U/;\X7DZY7PG2=_[GO)QM_+1DK&1#L@MT^MMYRF:=66RAM7[W=G
M6+W9QS/?XRST3QD0[Z?%&66^VQ6##_-9Z'@XN-D_<ZP2V[ZS@;VQNT1&$#)




7@90@!


M+HV;
/JGVE%=1&K'-$(*TMTHP=I8;BLMG4@D+K&A7-&!ZPI&CTYHE9IB):OU


O_#
M/.J:4:-T)UW5[?J6'2^YTB6Q=3P)

A3RD:DA:DBR))N$\T
MJ5I.I(;6Y]MITTG':SOX#YI#:A4Q O2/U
(H+Z.$58
4C?%UK%7M Z[#4E

X?E69Q(DSHP:2K
MD@?BZC/1&&?KLSP[NPJ[%IJFH+=Y

M[ $-?A7.!





MXE(E!R.HEP-%W#BA?)B0-F\A)IJ$]ER.:5


P1:IC55L@C *2L'A6M/:!)3U
0X8

.+$JALWDY%]7L.D$H'#@73L**4#
M7Q


M'HYQ*O.1^

M]P/@LR^;Z!D!+A5%@))S2B=@
M6A(35WV1#+B5IG:ZWAK$#IM_S%(2R

8T9* 'D]-G%KE5Z'D-*+U


MPZV2S/
PRXFFZ:K%GM#UPJ]V0G0@8\DG6GG.K-
NB;3USD2KOK
&-%EKP-IU
M




M(






M2=%/OP\_C#_-!T.AB!M^7K./Z*MPZ@%%W%P%D+'/B654X&26![6G-H?%^K

4/11


?


MHQE(?%I
KM[#]E6\S^'_AL^^GTQ+5W2Z)D0?#

MJ#OD)I%1'%4O*FV]3FC#]7C6.^P5DULQH(=!\#9FH'AAQR

MU\2RELET5!0^Y+/9J#1SIO\8SB[A\\&VF


%\U=.HI@Q

I929X1GH%LK#SKEK-X+


)&?4:QH;GJY.VF+GHIH3?58;WK8?
M:'[.!_-^N:?=V?=^RJZG^;L+=WT]&O9#F#F@
)_!KWX:7@WAWTU8N6EL*&P[




M+HV=K0=S06NLWW5V 6W')9C
BRZS@$2*1RX.0TX3IV6L:)6![M(4//M:D(/7
M6K
U -IN:_ A#Y_K[AHDC'LM%/
^5W''&&5IMC..BM'_#)VJB2!E#;;1$^


M $]9RDKKE$OA8C#?I(I$+):Y$#JFHEZ?7XNJ;@15%[%]


TTK56AFM

M#0L4++C[(J*QYU&E;

M:EJZF9VO8BT-U6(8 ^

M L+0;MDR*@V5GE610&^4836-(



%GX;JLGC-<BC#,3P3A+(YWP5<B!IZ9^%OZR4&U/4A'O) T]9'C21S'



MRJJG


MFU ZL25E$WSKN5-


2:;UFNX56Y]% ;R3@

M7K ^D067H*EL8

OPGQ&QG7'-Q6JONCH]^(U6/3)-(Q90FE

D3JE-(UF5)5OEO'IL/O++A7U;






RA%'4BS!N+-'?261X9MG*/HGH_XK/G)H0W


M465


M*E4OHCQC+P_;)A0%B*R@D65&LIMS2NIGU;Y7B]3]&9?MXY6M
X=S1VR@47
MH!!XTUA-:6&5^K82K]FT#)]WAG9*:\K::00J;.:Y?&&KQIQ9E3;M54FI&Z


M6?O=G_]K-/MA

M4/YM.OR__#4EU[
?OONOS[







M65
OWI:5?


M
O

MKWG1&^37DRFF.J#'L5&HC^!Y'Q(7%CZV(6#'K@FV-;5F^B:] BC?-4$O_I

TC)H=NY;)KG3ULAUY3GP_?+_V/2<F_;2D,O_$'.*-&PGMHRU8JQH-
M;6P<HKAL.TJ;






U!_34?W7]P=UT
1[UE44I3

:\E7O:QY


MJTS@G6Z98/!S:;T$UWEA_Q3!KIE]ZUT4DZO%;Y966+$PDK+[EM_J@N67K


@=6U!P
MMF4)O%2'KKDG[2W6/T)F]=;AW
93&?\):K^I2.Y+#]AB.O_+R)KM1$^X)CLH

*?1


MEUMMJ:O0N'_L BU6[-+\X^7QY


63;=5:<:3.#$W 0C;:8?MP&[.
M[E'F0_@%JZ9DMUL^E+TN^GE1=C ;#0.+0POZV(RF
.OIT#E;%9%^W+0 J6M

B]N]X.#N13:$*RXG

MD;SX



6D

MO0!IF/:*?)0MI;D4XB_P[ZK4LAS;.!B6237+3)Z3&K]35IM.;[\;O.@J&PD0
M^927*.6#99Y:-KWL!8MCNLS:6HPF*I.;QH

@'8036

L=N/H4GFDY?564Y6?GG;V&QOV3%








9DN=X@*3OO6^3]Z[
MWR]
)CVRRUT6351?O&2;J^

M MH?2\_XS7A19!
2@^L+E?\FS$:C4=3?PRYJ,X=),39?U&!^+K 2F5%[3
M:8PG

Y&[X+:_);_B\83WDH


MAJ


SKA9N(?V+X%(?OOXJS+!VH)#7O.M@. TJ:AEG65BX%/]+^P0
M_=+ANT$KW/3&2J2B,8$_@E LQ.'5(V_WM%PD6=BQ[VX'



\_[6
7 6TRCN
MP5T/]O00]IS;9=5EIZ/QM#3  -;PB0!KD

MA.FJYKL;!&=NY@L(O=5/7(X[ 




*I_
MJ#3A

SA?!V^98EE%]#
M$X

MJKTHK;Z2G$%[P*XP @$9!]$$D?N\7-;/R^O#A\/$#@!T/EYN=K-O59@?MI4R
MV'XQ*380N$78-AN'=;[3-J'(L^DD1/S+-UC$[


74<$,M
ME-



-;R
M0Y7&$C*$0BY3F7'QJC?.9^A8'5X==4[K*&6:Z]'4%DY@J $9L3TCK
9.T8]L
MM$=I3G8W$[2!I
YZ?FB:#8O_SD;S_'T^#@6Q[^%2%YSI+;)!+3.I(%Y2E7+'



MQ]!:$;TRE


M=4U!$4(1PL8[N\J5#]VUR_%7X1_YO^;#+]DH].E%&K9WIVN+\+S()ALFC
IL

M4!)1$ML!'$HB2F([@$-)?
F2B!5S/R3_F@]GM[JV3L
$DN%LF$\?'VB!AUY[



M9^/^

MPT@QI!A2#F&%$.*H86(W$)N=9M;XEPBMY!;RTT#9%B2#&D&%(
*8840POQ


M7B OT(!0B AMH5#RW..A$!('0

M0XHAQ9!B2+&3H!A:B

M
Y[EQ;@\\
E&O7  -!G#/2;]7YL2(SR8QH/I6]=1SII342=_
HWD0G)A8A52
]
X%#B4.)0XCH!7&O
M0HE#B4.)0XE#B6L/<AQ!PMRW@'J


DUB


MFT^%$)WOX=\DF/'D*I_^_:F5]EHU.MGUS48MUVC]A].X=$V]BK:KQ%Q\AV+
MD&)(,:084@PIAA1#BB'%7@3%J#QGRWD%G(+MR^D&%(
*8840XHAQ9!B2#&D
MV($HQF1S.9





*B1_R

XE$24Q'8 AY*(

M?E!^4'Y0?E!^VHD/R@_*#\H/R@_*3SOQ0?E!^4'Y0?GI3MRL39




:Y<4XFPV_Y+WA^$L^G85D_2DVT3\3X]#QZ/C@_*#\H/R@_*#\M-.?%!^







MN4*YPBJ(5E9!O!E/YT4V[N?P#.-9D?5G]2((/+/ 
PL\%L1C0:084@PIAA1[
MR12CYP2IA=1:B&UD%I(K8Y0PU#I!A2#F&%$.*=9=B!.=O(;606D@MK?H
M^MDU8K6%.GKJG/_3I!CD184*O?ZM-YV



M3^X3PE_&TWPV&^6#WJS(QM.L/QM.QM-7O7$^.V;
Y51UT6&Z(R\WSG#-FEWS


M#2CR0^UQ;FZCKV?E3;ZGOR_?!VZT5D0W?S!3/5?/E:=\O=EE-NME1=Z[RK/I
MO
@'/?CYIL5J;SX%71CJ*Q;'@LO?7N=%;WH9+LNFO:QW781*#'BM7O[;=3X8

MVWHA[ZGNT






SN#V
M_<6=W-4$7GL1AKX7&'P\_H?4/ U=C[9%^2G9<6]*#\H/Z<C/WLLAN6=+X;U

PESIH+([8(M6Z)6Z
)F6W1;CB

MM&F940MX3O/+R:@


M/B ?


WDH;==P\[YWN7N17391%8B
M*QMCI6W0&'[1K
2J\C55Y6\GX[

*\N/;JBA*=L^A%HG02VK#6X=/B@_*#]8



V&I4#
6\N

.SR.B\G7O8NLN(J?&'H?05?-2S@-_WA:#@;YN7=BVP(5UQ.

G@57K&<'5K*<_7:9;/@


4GUB6R7QXAS;PLKYZAN0
 [QD3+YZ920IH;FIW
MG)?*V99C,Z7 9_=F




M7YN?L]WOAX&:EIRHGYCOU#)\4'XZ)C\WCTO;W39]_UEG'^;@-D^G$\QRW(-X






MD:-=3/;I&%-;A@].5.R
MAE?VT@TU=]GH!-'KEMAM@T_KRUI;T=ZN-1WL1(.-_=N^\@V$%U'/H)Y!/;
%

L[&[@GH(]1#JH2WU$#E GSI40ZB&VJ*&GG'TATJJ
M/4IJ__/:44FADFJ+DFJ+6*$:NJ.&Q/GA.D:?MAKW( ?_I;_!J\X[OWO9 @7
M?\G'Y2]8ZHC5-=X4(1]%(:27]/17
#


+D[8?!M&-

M[;1W9&0N



MB-H-M5OKM)LT^PJ$H'9#[8;:#;7;$;4;.V]LLJ3H'5AL)UF+E[FMIKYV&-
MJ-NZI-OV=O2




YLL_&@-YOTB@6NO6L
M=@COE\%G+NI3'Y[Y0

M\A4/]2;51+V;5WEPWN
V[_)Z0^ODN6ID R&^8Z202O4
QV!_+7Z^_47C27&5

MTT2A42#::G3#?9#B^^M?9E;UA8



WCJ!I

M6)B\B(




M(04K(^A*

M9HFNH4M5.
&@Q;FYO
 VZ?./9[ZO9LM?RQO


P/XM]776??#\_[EV<%EW8<SX& K@K\L9( Y!^)&
M4EI]@5Q6J.@%5CBM4F@!
)S;)#]_ 5LRN&]BS:6(P@;\*
.9^D*)[3/_QEJH

M!\H#Y13[VIGU3)]LN





M
%YLH!G0Y

GL


!14B&O



MV'/3NUDAU3






M

_LVT_]J)PNVZHN4:F






M*C)7B9T;3EO[C8UX.3F_W$D7]N=S^-
LM*0WD1/K%^'%(KBWN@VKTVJ?F@(Q
ME[L/^'*.C)[KN.86)AZ#]\;E-/RM6+Y9Y#G\J7 OUN9VQ5ASH=@Z:Q'D^5

M-I2


M-SK(1N0@ZYIB*#[9J#_A:N92JQ#E*L=R6RM!HT0\M$W6P9\C



MRT6D'9:G9AV6+)&J1I]RW8^? CF1'-/'AVU;DJ/=


M]6P1.&Z2]

\0FJ?-ENELU951'O9^R[&%F
K


M?LLOP=5
_QQ1<I6G%?
5\Q7S%?%476C%?
M

[3I0P[BSXH-_)P/+G\(0PLCR VLN@J\RLH0+2RD\6[YE
MER'##'A#HUP1^B$WB&#546ZO]05S0ACA#'&&&


M\AAY)88^';Q6XT#EZ

M)IW!/I0






'U

M\&(1W%M=2OPZ/0+/

LAIXCAMH]


M QUP

B=+UUQ13':E



M+C?[94 P('+^/P[T8SPP'K+B$:P?& ^


_^7'@_6IL(O

HMG;

IK^(
MM


M-1:N\&QIA3

M




MRFPD
 QY'UD]^C%_U8J_V

ME4)KKEK;P'I37J




MQBC!W[O?4K^-?J_;;!L30H_0IRI *MON84SM%U/&SOS*V&*T1RU&G/&=!I]J








MC0L_[9D[[&*X



MVV =7A9N^P+OJO0[W)1DMNQ8^!GRPG5;!FLAL_0K[N=_B 1
?^WU:S[_]8=P


ML*


M':U/@7\3B/EJ.%Z)

M/RTT?[N5
P=P9+F.&#NN$]TWL$#8 NZ!3W=^\%4&81H//_@1&'..A\G YKY'


MS


0_;3(K






MCAK]0==@

ME[Q9%0R4;;



!&Z


M7\?.POC-!U
\W6:M+^<QY%J:<BG%FO<@MU 4OH3'2D\6L*99;GJDI(1V =G.@
M6QBA8)PA.1:! U?IU8(MN0K5MR*0:D7R-BWK#)A?Q413*/\RM?&A;U1R;CX=




MPS

M8





'6H.'CY\D4



0_J#)%XWN82O!5

D#'FX ^@TTEK3S)JV[+



M1\N*-580^+1H
!]W4G\
_B5

U7K(G'0WXH :X3E7?-)
;)0
MEQT3[GV()E-F71!F%S) O[:2;]'



%R]A
0$)LX9;YE=!Z0F=38BS=LZG$IM+CIE*GPZ82FTI/J=@YE8&J
M\(W-(ZU(?,.BF9[D3+$J:+#
8Q.3WO-U6JP;!:Q6?1@+/[CH=MU@[
=3N
M]
T92H]1IRI0JK A5?_PQ ]K*E&7$*+(YA2;4_D-7Z
]'/ )W:$95-6-!V-:



]
M



M48V\A:7F$[Z)%YF-A40#J(:ALI7PYT4 EI%
GQ50LW'JY^-+X#Z+515FAO

[4B71


Z'CR .

 +Z:F
^WQC=QH[W


MWF$NURRMN&N3^1+I#U8J.*R&^ITCU NKVE;7H8^FC(RPG9_
C%L .^\V-W


M&_T)B^]





U@?9!S0Q;@& 6.CY0X*0





T$;*-LK;C4
M?N$

[%/=E@H#Y!

IN2#P[Z\:

M*WF*0\X$^IY_M8=$= L!46V\)GVP

M_2COK

M:8^:IXR(C8JU?H5V




CF%
MZ][3NM&I!ST&BQ' 8V]]]U9ELF(N=)*!K_)R8-0-_;.F
.JRVZI2T@
S\57



M F&1;P::I3

:5AR2D8:PYR
M0C[7 .@P@]51:?JP^FGI#:(')FJ$40!6E*K@H6Y0]3I4S@FEU-2B!1S*YQ1
MP0;*3\7B$-*Z 8L]FB7)A6#Z?85EP!(3 EXQQD()0'T8.RZ;&I8DN7
)__SJ





MX%+KJ0NGP

!;
PG[.L:U6$J^

%I73N+:D


WY#ZUTC494#5*7E
E-/ZK1OW*/;=@!V

M' A$[:L9_R(\+'F62[6FV.W58YCGF0'K5U!)J*R\I1GMNCN85=*C05]7(_)A
MDX_[
.OZ*P#J'5AEJF5GY?WZN8HHK79G7][]@2GO_EI1!2ORX/I8KPI_?KU;







S)\
!^$
M2O+YKS_$X9L;(19OS_4A^T76QNW23$NWCRXS['$R7KW_[[__ZZ_(=ES*T
3=)<8C_*/W[R^7)R @X0?8





M%8]!8@QHQC8'65Q-- O\^&:FME]K:FJ_S1WY-Y8V)0WK9YC[I[0+(M(\]V(:


M;IBZ.:4C:^3+QJJ:SA

?$DA

.%\9^&Q3O?_B;$ +W0)&='^ +8;7--P&





7)T&V4EXN!K?'!5WZ GNA!7:./+TX=G
M* X1QK= B/UDVQ(UDMD=)38:?NA\<I RN 8=ZNVNKVR/E<2HB)@]3\DK$

M'T9^O8 KLI@J(#6L!U*1/NJC-!6SDM-'S]W';[\KS^_I+T0X@\OQGRN [:UP

/


MX)K46'[ IV-WMHK__YZ=.'JU^O/GXY^V!=G%W_;+W[\-OOUON/[W[[_.O9



:N8YUW]\1

*9$?/H\=H(V3S;:NKT*BZ


R$4\YR=N6QYYP

1;.
M:QY
O:XYW5


JO)C'5^?&E38KG#FV
O/%;HG'A8L3POX)S6!


6P89!P&K(3@TKQ!X#1(^&);U;)_ ]Q9.-I/5/ QUE
M&#\KXFCFZW+%V6#F(HID '?C3SB70.IF?]0 ):1*QMCOQ?DJ76?FZTKZWKTE

=
M4]540%*HASB5
GQ^8?4]J)ZGXJ9
J7B6-HXKM-C+VC0*VPYBX2I2YW
D$A8


KKAZ8R:J<
M]-7CLF=*%L%3L96$[E+I!'8\QX[BMB293GU59:2%NN9$%QNO%\$U$7-!DBT@
M*:;D*]%I.@55 =+<TP,/J=S[C:,N5E(9!^ '2.!['T6U7IC =W,EVM\CM8CD
M21\8:B7C1RN=)?'^C!#40R6,5?_*D%JSS\4]HD5^PR:L1)0;6&-5RU[1FAIK
MJ!;K8YFX:DM'[:WA(KV4](

FO/


X !:0G86[4OF_BP]4H
M:O5RI]:!$N_8TB@4+K*6)Y$4J!$;)-\]9=ROCBQI%S4%RT2X^09-JOO3MLTY

M /U?'*&%SC$-N1BW3MI\P$Y*JGE+PCW3I1L!2:CIM=&A#--D)(GAM)Z:3M;_
M375.0]SYGC:CPQG




DO:^U%P8MCK*K ODP@_6


MWQ2'*ZM8.3W38=9QB_BL$(B*3&]M^W)/M'-WLV\%_12CJ/LI/DI#M+L\[Y

?5=U[^#17M;DDS9@H\*$3D5[\DY&C5;G6ZO




M5K

MC+R

M#]MT8W;'P8.KIOXEHPS3W-IUU!ZJO![



MT&7HFH1N[[1ISB?

N;@Q4#TP@






[+]!%/ .R+R7FJN-


'GP7FNF


L=3:Q%


YX 
/1.E[2BGY;2&!;\*&
M%2]\#U@IBEQ)



@J)9X\5;R_MU
M%Z%7WQ!80


M)[=;Z7-7GYI



M'M(5EV1\6)@K82F Y;SQ:
_O^B%1P%
I8+)@%:D]N+G- 5 DZV=FSNF#SH([


L$.4& N8=X;DGK@


M]




MG0A]PFFX $;8J%^1L

MGV%JGKVRYOF%9K



M6\VV4:W2

M4H6=9LM


M
.J=EN6F-C7$07_4[%9\B&T88E7MK4YGU!P9]QRQ\F'EP\K'B/)1/7GRH1TE
M::&A:0^RJ(FOT: T[9MVF)@D8B(8
BIJQC4CU7023-D[[9[!G5O%=I-+T*^-



M 9^BZRD0 QCE_ZGT
/


M5S8M4NHS$)).]K4 .DN%-/[5\8!\(GEN:HYF)YGZ#&Z52U7XO] YXCNM ]$I
M(X!E'S

$L'I@









NI'











MNZ8+!HHKM9VE[)M7J9FSM8FC.4HK@==P[UI&RKBF@8+=FON!5-H&32]E/;?0

M(V'\7?NEMU4)17]?'-*Y =H#




/_22J0#GXL;(/T;7@X \(@TL=U


F

M)$QYXT%GFQI2(E%67$WDEBJ#GJUFKVKTA$9EVLA71=[:XTI?_IPXUBR?H-

M=S*Q Q/C

#P
)5]D( 14GS*2[PZ+
IYW24A%IU[8A

.;#
MZ7**&19#)X-
 G&GQ%

M#-7Q[BDBOG $0ZW0



=HSR9V_6U






G2)!ETR2H&O$YKUBEK(_J MBR+#FV#:MY(S]%M1WX%3!3=FUDR
M=(53D
^:%J2;Y%


M?&!VQ;EW\][I= 7<1\











M\RT/J.?



M$N31J'LF1Z\/B.F46YL(JEF6=Y9BHY\S9?;]J3.9)DG3'!RO4VL:VCSP#T

R?/?_XT]YEB
M+382-_\&D5L9BO'.Y?2N
H^5\4QV6\(\N#RY\6+VK[::UYM\=9$0ORL-1F:N
M4DF:A;583M-@4-T9*4ZJ0[H%QU0,[XO0!T-,4/UAKC6)$3U$%\



E
M9_F 9OQC6JDN+QGE-XS2F=2FZT4=VZ)BU!/^1'P\=[ZM,7E3HYV<93)<4SXX
MAQY56DFX]P!S6E](R$7$F=I!5MYMCB-_]CXGEY9W. M]3JS=\6$A;%*_
M*MW[JRC)!R_.NP=0NCE)<O^F%\




MV^3#RN2S007I)]3*.!3OIY-V_\0*_#O]);WXAVB2?0S6/H(&\]-)O_=]X0FY

71?GO
M6BKF?PI(A.$OCPXS)Q]+K9FTY9%S@=@5HP^Z5-#G_';F3$!G[)\^Z7!/3QZF

.-Y\]G9

9*$#3DVY/:ZNZK][ND5GONJI*SP-7-0/3BH


MF?R@F;S#FL[

M1'RDZ^$?6;;G/[=2)6JP,J 8CY%CEM-0?




'L#
^





= LK0^!\<(R9RSZ(=(
MP-3775^BPLZ1R74\^68FR?1H=UK?+W-A&R.!C?J9M*:BS]\^/L]^H'\.
CY
U,_L72W9K$@:/K
P-7.IX(
#4O#D+R48VQ


PZ9U!D2)'-\3KGO?L.ZD-1.WTA)6.(=?9& M_:^J[CTY2 []_ (X%[

DQ7;T1TC@G;C@R7T+
MP!

MUD_BX3KI3URRG'*PD0K!QD7
/;A@![62IS@P84]]S[_9\P
0#04=W\9KT@?3



T5IH\V7@!
MI8_0L@JX_3MM1
]H0XG[MJSME75&6[@?K _9_HT9DQES1XSY47L?UO(DLR2S


CHMVMQ$E<T<%C(L9$H5
M

MUDL\8DAE!1J4/
N/60-&Y8!
EIT58TF6G94

M9/'(XI'%X^&(1Z






-(WMG=]W\Y?R!/D?($]S#!FO1-J)=5S?3)#7?T6Q0

MS1FH#-2]EO

M1CO
F
R8.V+


MD7&
-K/I3D6F-BX_!3+$=TXLQ[.BF02&](@& G\[%Z[P;&E=SZ2


=@_J=3?JLW+T8?YA_F'^
M8?YA_JDF?9A_F'^8?[@9[:[C?[D9;;W%6

MQK#0H:%# N9U=NP$L+ISNC!E5M9 K$$8@E4*
UV$%+639S6




QS9=D?8'KN@[U;0?=9F?_Q#R*PK<L'ED\LGBLEWC$^
K=
MM34P&YE0 T;EL 66G15C29:=QB)#AP9CMMBT9/'(XI'%X^&(1[
QK6Q:LFG)
MLK/:+


:TS
F80Q$EC(:C10/7%F%4

M:0?*:HT!Q@!C@#' && 


D8/IKK\]]SLW+=3SY

YOP*5.:G'J5+4NEM*IJ?*\:4G\R;I/HF[N^8C1$(6)Q2I
MYL6.SZ]_]P8IB;(D6Q=2 J75-=

MXD?D9\!/W\
HB#4?*R*
K:&0H1C$$9&4?^ 0!$)ZMO#'3*EPMLN_(JB@D?0D
M 9 )I7Z
?:8V_\R4NY=!&HS_D1[?U96I.RT;&%QQ[32

M*
9^\+VBOS^Y:1P'UE&^D:2+:\B'H9*1OK2T'_L*^F)D9)N57STIAI#%\W9
MTEF,V?


M\#BS?;

$2(YR!HWE I._VZ-Z:-8QG4))=XRI(K[-CT\^$7_B@&O[
'2LA':Z(4_0


V!WY=+8



M\[3DS7RXDL=\SJ[S?6$\7F%1






1#[
='

L^ISWX)U_Y\G=.
M1
5;24F7_FCDVTZ4;+V?&PO$++$A(1C?P /\ /' +@IXSX@?X /\ /\(/Q









D:AZMY5??EU
$B$T\*+*HT)E\:+JK1P3BL&/@KQ!WB!O

 B\9K108@G

M0=WV&/UH?_N_(&[93;T_19*
L_3ZS.=




M70\&RM(??_/)EKZ'A1XH(AA]8$:[

M7US+P*



_UQ&(IKSU:V69@M-2QA'PP89087
M!@P



M
C%3
\=TYJ;W/-]79#Y
Z QT!CJS0F=Z$!H(S:&%!H:#0D.AE]_7:%8[4&@(











N*1[%+O+%
MS[UQ!X1[X?*XFPO'HNQ)GW!]O-(?5CS'1DRD5*

M.
NG8IUJ(]]ZS9#R1O]W.
\#



M!NIJ&4:ZYM?_LZ)J'@K]4


M
[+GQE8QD!-8





#WW5I


MLTIES[A



M:)


M5](3(Y5?P$#P
G_[&#/ %1RU!0N%#V0@1='S(M&H]+)S^D#)4)XULGO/6]

M$?TGV=_I#R9'6NC3PNYD/Z]]H9


5H7.;7;*T@OQH'C$B0)H!F\=H#0

ML&8/-3)$C?)
P0X5@@H=7H5

Z 7

_;ACBH*BX!L2C




-
MZ_[+IC%^K(B'H6

M7OGW+=3V^R8^G9:3B6OVBPN+F]5FQQ G!T&*@G 'UY=^4V&/724&QY%#9P

MS-!]#I$KUMR'T*#F5)1-! -+/*!V.IKR+KED:WK(GK=AM'KOJ;QBO^9QO^


M6G;0
\B=/00[6.1

MY_D^1'XZ=IU!_+GRJ=#9/@+0P1F2)DB4J; C*4O:^]ARF9*3V_JS.T5OBY

HPM)%+#*Q9@3O%


2/6D\W8

N@()FT/4.EV8$6'K
MLA .5#A65D2=[3Y6.J15VA^*7ZY



_6P3&HHV42); B



MT1NY:#^







M_!P[?@RSCUGX*? LG\YM5FIS?E+2XSQ&.


O_6!Q4UEI

M_'.H9'2$TX)R\?

% L-(;KNQ^YY&Y

&=3.*RUL%00KP(JY^^IUI@1H 5J80 MSO8W/2:1;

MKQ.V*TTLGX
69M#7']C#[%>3F6)\,I1H

TW4V:?SO)#FX]YI/9FN\+X_$*BY)AWB]D

M#6)8'0PS$2A@V-&M4\X

M1MM 6



MUI =LCSK6^[&)%1J$(U#A0H:+[HZ$26DIL+25_14[]]+E

M%JF-Q6:XDXX7BC/7#T

M_)$2OB=LJLJ]C'A3-147!7%R31SJYU



MJ-D-W'TC!.:RL

\3KV3\0VA/3/RMIO_9?87M^1F^16Z+
MO)QT?6WA\3SZ?NNG93S+;8L%89^ 'CE#Z_S Z K+5/?LEBB4=C[+5VV@Q]


/XG#^%33\D
BW/&R]FP5,E0&&=I@J1TB98A(=:MM.$-0H2-2(5/0!IV9BS'6
MJ.:V_\CXKM]5:$KRQJQ($TZ

0C9RW$T&A810B%-PH4






MV__;^O?MU2OAV/0#=?3;QOF'B\OS7KMQ==[Z4&]W/ER=M[OMWG6O\:%VW3UO
MO_K'$[)D
?U+L!E&G)(KJ6RFJ?_F



+Z&6-J#%6/

!8\D#O
MC+D


RD/I/I<=#LA)U6R97;C@9&_O2)7M3OPV5(C2&
M0CG:T9 TEG(*WX!0GZ=V47J

INI





M7[^19__KC;CX]NT:?OU'CP
[MROL%8=4?\W(U*$7KB2Z








$V)\T)4;)-Z[:




M&O=7_/G/Y
SN=1SX8U41WZJ?JJFEYZ]*+GBCLW5P/&JV;VK Q


W-8X2N-1[E;3OJ!K_
M+TPRMWA$&!V76

)Y')DS1D
3A 6

D[ /[P#Y'*OE&B?KM Z=-%I_Y


 :A0&9[N%


(

5\+







#I-L_5&[?53:-3Y
ME6:17?JG$H&R'SCP
1#F6@A#\0-*IY5(U02
_6+R-5^CJ2KUKY2I(^BS-G


M_#2NCC]V/

&
MHQ^2ZCP+;Y-Z[:
GOM!XG23QJM6;%3$) S0.?$M1=]ED;DFFI.]V;-%EWYR[
MD107KL--]4-QIG]X0QWL^;%GT0V.[L(_DS6%)$OZ-IDACX@9!\\FD@+F]^


MA]2/Y9YWR9P9Q ]]E\N5=X'22! /#B$ML9@5D!WY$5)XQ&RN(V&91@672D@N
MT2;A_XL__REN?

+/P'CQY
MC4SN9AYJ
_@$:.^Q*BXB_9TZ9Z3#]?!]*Q]4$83
8;8 76#:0@)8X/1CID7:
MSU/+3*M#%5U9.AM;_;&TKO3%=+/24QVXMUEU

MR5%73[(H4M]1-?Y?2+4=D1 084CYA:4D0YVQ&DA;L5;PLS]+.Z#A\SJM4_7Y
4FTIB0!-)R'W7_#J6=4WVI9SKY]@P9
M.?9(ZA)EM.(@4!YY3$0K+W03@4G= #\9=?O2I0&4NFRH5$1*[.IAE;YM*\


GW


MSL^ZTQOKV][7VO

-!UK





O.?!CUOZ 8S!0N0$D+L(N;O1 CYAN.%
M&/3+ .1!OS8V6:O7W6/(\%*@*

2!4E]= Q.'1K;L^D/
M U=9R=U4P7@TYF?I.+[+GD.U&\QL09IHQ4D@V; J;G6X]P'5U@_X2LN-;24(

K




C:3+T1*$5N_[URLV@:.H3!P!H^

T OT$DK
F/7-1?L<\X




Z(5#FHHS3

7* F49-]*TLPHR9SSJ^?JRZ=+OR]QDL.AGFWYGOO(G)MXPSQD4WMX

)8FBY9(1G8&CE[&6ZMUDTF#SXE)FXM#7
MV;G2Z6XZ6TEF69-Y1R)]#MF?FD#/(
F+)G;/%)19K*J*FS3#&
U7'=\.)\L+



*7


#J4?EFF 


M6G0
#'#/L /\ /

M
Y/ER138Y)8#M+@V%Y%N%;MYM5N4SJ2[T,:88@ 1& C.@
$= : &T %H
M+8 60 M.7 LP.8 (0 1.7 3:YQ !B !$X*1%H%;-+2J:*?T(#8 &0 .P,@ M
M@!9 S:?%/0@ O/MW&KK15]:W^\/_9L3FK)*54M2ZG!X-CV9-SX@:*A?IA

CM


8.'-W +W *W
'R!8H93#+





M=H0XK]9!! A)@S1ZZ!U


5 

M!6J5F%H8O4 Q4*S@T2NWS7Z@%J@%:F'T L5 


*79





D43




O
MMRS1ALEL

(HJ$PD/R[+[OVDE!%[/I[Z?
$^




9*@T#ZE
*E[=.[;R$@8ZHS&5S(55A?A3B:&TJ;8BI+XAYEF2.B!M
M%Y67;99N^H.:

053005%JKPC
6-8ZT
M



J@/QCFK!7:%' $8F-S70BX0S&EY
MWY0B$8QV[Z($2GE[SKF4E_2$[L,+[M!0JU ^2J\A/H@#%@GJ/HV2I'H95#P
M_



H

ZU\\MQ94I'
M0@0@ A !S J@!= : &T %H +8 68'*0BPALM0_#X(QCD_!?''++;/F $=<S
MXOJ[9?=HT+(9T1C# 8E HAF& Q*!1#

!R0B688#D@$$LTP') ())IA. 1




5 
% /%X&6^!6N;G5JK;!+7 +
MW()K(J!8J 8* :*@6+P$/?W2O'(WAQ^59%T7$]IHL7QB
5B''@V[$5Y?8.
M$5)TQ'L5&KW\%


@!?@!7@!7L!PE&QHHS[
M67KQ0%I1'%#]=-A Q[/C

OP OP





%N9;


OP OP KP +\ +\ *\V/*07*M1
M;8



M6^Z
K3;!!_ !?

MCJHB1C+XKJ+PI%Y-X1T^WN%CFPRVR8!BH!@H!HJ!8J 8* :*O3BK[E6[X!:X

@!?@!7BQY?N_.G;5@A @! 8*\ *\ _ _ 
MO  OP(M=)Q8M),A[VDX<U\N^T_*#L1_(2 E;]2,<UL/K_U-]_8\=-MAA XJ!
M8J 8* :*@6*@&BV]+YFNX'4# 7R(7QQ0#Q4 Q4 P4 \5 
5 





M#!0#Q3+#5R^_I'C@%K@%;F'X L5 
5 
% /%0#%0#!0#Q4 Q
R*H'-EKQ-51
M_?.$?3HF




Y[%;RZQ*M+4 P4 \5 
5 
% /%0+&E][7JU3JX!6Z!6QB^








8ZI(^*0


M5

!8BO5+2$W_E.^)F[&4ZM4IYP<D99[ED)QEU6:5%,ZNT%(X]_R*
M&-KR _1M9ZX.:

M'Y
;N)D50:V.2=;HKZXC^XZ;Z!-=X G@V//;HCT9E@O'O6I$O0,70\JE.9I
M$364GD.U_GWQH4N,2[I(^D:]1'^B5VH7;M42U-E9]

[H_4V&


VDCO,-4O9$!QHO=QJU8:Q;0WM1YEZ/L]=C/SE&_E7
M#(B30;#1.3E?X


M8O1]+*


./869^&6U#MX
M4K6(]90]

M2VO#RLM%N3[O;)WM-LAN+)BZJ^D6A*FE5NT.:!:[#K2_K5J)P(;QB-'P?^EF

!ZC.TA




F%]D??Y4*QS<0N;K'<#_.S1_6^7WO__


P%SCT:T9X$LC#


G[5\?MOIO'[
SSCIN];<NA*'VR9#A
#SO1!_57[-Q+-PE!(BTKN2Q0EJ*?R8 5X?E\



'2L
 0
M0UD9[(H^QAFH@0J49Q'J1:OF#ROM%;PQ]8K!DPT=

MH&F;GGXI(


M8&\Q$0

MA&%81.=D]L*G!
D/7C
.UW31#4V7]-@R-42&Z9GF%Z*8[ZZ^^#2WX8=B2#

/NZ7N:]6EHJB



 

M9O@:^UVS5N
HW0MQ+MXN;DH!#(\5AB5:W$[V;C5Z!- 

@5MT)KL
\IPW(JMW=^14PQZKT:&)?[3 -O-8UFY$$Y=U[IT2B7W[3^1#A7
MX


M[58MOP7E8V$$3A.LMNUG%=RI($E9H)@9883#!29)T/'
KQO-:@_3:W#K2+EE


M%,5#7U;.-Z]B.=_04S_P
(U+%M-FM4%_-#8:







0XOQ.U0Y%U4O^
]

M;__CO__K[Y/??_%]^\%QW0O/_NA%TKMSJ/B+





MH#^.?)*A_U/V]


VTP.G'5#6;ZF]%[J/P RIY^HTN&L113#6V


MY+K.=\4].23





M9RP:Q6[DC%W65\_^R9^J*5^52IA-O@E7@[
CS=1

MQY82\9C^3)R+1V.^DJ%])P
[\P!7W2M7#P[^+*QD@ESI64Q8(C3+43@=/404
M4/&ZTAR!

6?0^6MVUZM
M*71S2-T?3(:&:9

5P6WQX

%8Z1ZD\DE\N;'\-?!I));1K-HBX&_4!?0
NR+Z-%C;?))9




M0*JR9A)+X@4HU%

FZNIF$_0R@G0


M#8!+34V]:L6=/\[$WRLKEPN(%5S06%C?9X(NEP



M.Z0V5-/*





M;K9+Y[N3:+% J14:D/E4*,Q?-*HI%/E*TZ5?PZ#TXGRX]NJ)$I:QZ%C.
@

M9#7L09N.-]91


'
^)O$Q3

#

4AZ4J\OR#FS
'C88

.=1D*##IX*




9J


':O8$*W)FJUI[7$2?PG MLZNKE-^A]UOJ8-P[




4R4EE?BL;H*<0//$/\0_QCZG\

@)[NO(A6K/: 0,[YVJ[[B5Z^QE?ZV
MHB74M;+:S5;I%#%E[?$^*HM-DH8DS1$DC6TWERNXD*0A24.2AB2-3FJT#M!&
MTY25)SESG)FB\@922%#I! X5@
20R2&:B2&3.$V$C3%^]I#$C3EQMUK%E[_




DCZG !8\(3X:E2S2!+V9_1UNZ X$9P
P%NQPT




?L:2!W_YRN7JOJL;G;
.'^BN++
MM(]PH$CF D3; %$W3.]\H6_SX(C




O]CB1'F@RIN#\U!V%NY
M4[C!#I

6*&*W&L2/1IU)PS=XB=PO
=CS_

D!B0&7!?T


) 8&:@\)?E4SPCON:6QP4PM




%XVA


MQ^H6F*O=JWI

M$O*RAAJ[?A




MB6@^3GL@!]K1\O@&'@^=JKK_]3 WH?32$PYF$WB^U0$,; MSB7$?$GFI%$D
MX4\CD42-QF[ E!A633NX\V/BN?SJQ333_F37HZWFK:Q3%7R:N'R+*Z$[_$[

 +T

)7[(@'STW&5\.A\V.U6GU[.Z;

5=IYG5
5RP1M:K_(4GR&].^OWWKQJSRQ:7-F-
MUH'O&U9DG&;/KR)5%ZKED!%]YL-MGVWCDBV'@$J@Y7JWS %%(:()0:[$1!O
 5[& 5J''V(?RK%/X?9KCF<0*]^RO$7$<2@!0LA[D@D7B0FSV*KA$ES998I
MO/2#;B)483_=Z@_T=2XQ925?\E))I 4(FPXC[;UE@TY25W%<*E%A^J?J&
M5Z%O?8


M3\%W-':&-@4G%*(P%!%5T

C+]PZ


MGUO#LIJA4%
GPFY5L5N%X
)YNZ/OKU!M^381*]5=:OE-DRXS]SE$C?D7QTF
MEE-FCPRSO1%MIZ@W)N&!*5:RVK;96F'%62K!!=1?*B&\LL4YC)*1)DCA3HZ


MJJ!ZAU2FE!SNK1QN4+D)[F7$S M8G-[%GNOQ2&-A9'(.C
E0KX1J'^IK [
S

R'+3*
M.OQ+9T1(?ADCOTQA+J-$E#E2J&]K+ZYR4F=$?DHXS'#5]25BND FWPO$Q5A(
MZ639K3=O2S4SQX*-0BR; OS
Y
S9-!*Q#'LE\*/C\SCV1L :LL)*.%JP286
MC85IQ.ZXCX576#P6 F[E

MDSX*1TSN1#0?ISV0 UVNUKW+XR\U
-(SL65AS.LE9BH\9T%'H&
E&=(+0/VI

MH% #(6)W1 S[^I(CZX((DW




M!VLX:';U0D%'OG\6;\GRUN22@10(%3PNT0#+QV^UFK;F\6LY6+'I#



MIV6L5DO?

NGGWT56VEI@




CI%(8HPQ)HXTSDD?A/XA%UGBE1/?^-FD#

MCD8*;Q(V&-NI8E


M_0@BEN/@BR.1D\V@_$OQH

MMXW?04




G'^0;CPCWJ4=)V$3Z
6O7!Q&[%CMK6S!^)#8N!J
J'
=M<M!T6YC4[
MI0%DQ@U7&)'<#%V\[[\R4DOM,#/XO-6@Y.FXJK!C'ET+U8/!OO09^1Q63Q&


MO_[EYZ7KOL#KG:?9-3@B!
I7
7IW=O
1P_7_ZOQQ^_&





MN]YA[_;-)SL!JRG%ZT 4P=M$P)6



RD+KK87NEFL16D[)4?EU.5ZH(!LLO_A?JK
?12GCWP^HQA7
MV8O'\(+'
:QK .H[CG'R

MX*OH



M



'K:WH(:6OW^L'MUT[[NV-=M

NC

I


5ZN/(4T0:G

81.



MDF*C-)+58KC[[S3.:X^I&E2S\E(C[D7J9:HR;#X&66\*!S(6[CV6O/H ;YO5




K:CYA7@EN_9OQJWN9 =5D

E=9)<7A=:_3']2_
M#M!7@:<^V9RP;)&R.XNV<JOY ,<^R8+AJAC:S:R8&$BWQ)@3AZY
7L?PG_8



MBXKSBA'I8I)QEFE1/FEGY5Y_)X5@U2ZFM2+@TF(PBN


NE$HX.BYW.FW/
229K^2J!-^;JLCLLG*O0ZBI4

8/N TRF'


M975H]_Y*-I&RWF:[2;%6NS0I]BFK3GKQ:3)-DUE1VOQK=OXMO9
J@PW:W8MV

M(A))%


:U HGS1OL5)F3_;EL9J@'[4K\T



12F4SHKGST:3]5R(&?JF:/S

6Z\:]@2]U[NY8INK?5 ^TG?
?:^9T[7RTESIP93J8AS@
M*/&AJZ8SXQWR7HX]V'F =R??I5^:6+S!K:S_D5M9OR@)(5A)@ 'MG16/A9



M8OBOL-\W]D3$(V?\)6)5R $$D9%B@J7 UR?-=]))$J3K(G1PXP@JHG7NE7


)[KWC%:]


M@):
9F&V/



0A+@:(1/0F09.--LHGDKS2;[!@(S0I$\

M*


W
MED+T



MI6C:PVA2X^A#_%

FQ7RW
1S)T*TNK%+5J 

K
M7NNK^[1'62=C*C=9C8'5U==$U/C5?\E9)EE#LH9D3=FRIM=M-ULD:PX6':B^


M9J;
9FHEW?'E3'1ES'%%R=/H0_Q#_'%;]G
JN[
V\76PX6FSF037R

&[:DA)<P1AKV65



[D0T'Z4]D




M6&


M3;B_$




+U$G+_]+M_M2MD9?7T9;N;@HR7
-DSV1&.8+
H
[V


@1O%@?K2'O7AVG[B0N+#T2)^8)AD;]MD%FS/E4#*EMBQ,,AY-8\,*A02O
MII'G TL@Q;XM4<<6F\.-8\'EPKN;
Q]Y.+LNRDWI/.DNOC*H






4.JZUYK;58CZ VZ


J5M6GTA?=;ESL0SA?7+UK
&29#J


:VDLD4ARAN0
R1F2

$PPQ775\BI MD6LH=++]+
MI=J6

MAA

M1K!
V*.WP^79S@USCU$Q:.6*BB1=PK?W(&+\SY3CS#V86Q(S+V!A&K'_





M^OFLC'/ZK]JO0A_C&*?]8KR^Q7Z:%OK4F-(RVQGB;6*T-%;B_:JJ(TR6*K



M^TX$8N0E\J!W+6H:'F[Q-W?-CGI8H-DUM)M7&?33CJ


M77F *[R#5V_;;5
[4WGS9SU10NP/NH1
3Q-%7% :'/?R- $ J#PB=04@
M! %B5_I4))2@

M$8M$DD8!P-94 :+DX@DIOC:.FKVF]WRMZ-,89VR]91!*R6 B-L$;8(6X2M


ME6A^*BB&&]PLM0@;7\%5_T@#D9?$ZC89PQY*[L))HS2&%VU87 ?[;T1?X=)
M=IKMY:-A.SQGUM=IY$4PO#'W1SAIG*LDA9ZQ#O2.-19.&


)N+A]W*GC^_P1ZS
MIW








M61G:W199 BDB5F0@K\H\EN)G1B\I'=(H0AZ6)D2@&F)*IL3K&0 Q=)21T4#Z

(IG:^P%(U\.N?$
_7*H(T!+
M-NH).)$)JJ-I()&J:@D22
U$\BCC

M&5 

L#FP
M] R[4=#;:#&Q*S0*_4PQQDK2N]YH!
<=)(J^TY*+M07


(T*7RB9^E3HP#L?* C:6-K9'#XX@$
O_C.S

QN7(WT&=2I),!B8 !2)4H$%:UPY/'.?7UGF:MQ -RX;


8TS3F/$X_1Q7
^:M]'PV
M]6





3?9:53=R;\.$^^8X4S6'X8*
M;X. =\

J^K)+JYN6P;D_# %LA$Z[1MNVFMD.@KQ*N$GQ$
MX3*283!*B/!;$MC3C])


MDOE=F8OU,C+RZ?EU7NKPG:_U!=+ B3K$PR%D

M+]!3Z55?:3Y

M&KX*

[N&


G$;&/67[0

A/P2P[#7/-


-D:_F$TJ(\%25^LM7V\OL'25ME@*SBC
MN
K/$\382VRRRGA1Z6.=P2;*=%%HEY7^!$IM&Y&_A*-GLU]4GIUB2M[NPG;8

\G3_B@WR,.YYF#<KS!7@&2/
M8P]^@\6;$Q/H+,FSH4Z8?6_:-1D2P




M_C\ R]+



M2Z\5AH-641CF!0\1I@J@# MA*1O&
0
M34*@423P:.Y\3P\70M69#MULKJ*7+91[I[N9A2Z[$N^
-*#
?I9





\D'X@/) ?NH9OSI)* ^E
MMJQ!J8$E,P.(^CN^7?W/N=!I86PT]*W.BO8&$3=:N'9(
(=(..U;=G#K@PX


.-/+CO51<D[%?TVAY
MYU!P9RR?R%Q0TD&8



!/]B









MW7.(UXX(#QH$PU%95RP(


X<


M@M NN.^


G,B-C (.A?]VZ&U]TK^_JFW^W<#(96MZ<,@JM![WK0.P&#(-F0T8U
M$PG'&4$;
+OD5 V$.66F


+LIZ




9O44# -XK

=\1M#!4:EK$-Y31@9#5/U9I?-?]-8W2@I=EU/:32

M6H





MO
G




















G!O#OK]=^\



[
MP_T6BU'JLW]Z(ZIS6



X&(GA8SN,E#-#=.9++%W;VPJ57M
M$51_Y32\U6BW^Q1W)TP0)@J8L.RNOHIAA(G3P 1%H==$H2,A<&AP7^C\20X5
M19X/%'FN(<6,8[43#(QA!R *C!&X%RE@*O=+'^[D






MA]=#^\/[JVZ_=?:W9X0O$O'6FXB8?1:/[&LXX2\O0N%VWPO$Q5AU*;;LUINW




M

M-$RC9$S

?+U/S&?:&M\)U!-#
.D-HQ:/P19WUY1WND%1F3


M%
8QMI
!B\ UOZ\_;!.XR@T2'1Y8.DGV623,YQP(I:+N^ZZ!'$Z?8%D0)*W


B7^JQC_&T8?XA_B'^(?XA_C'3/H0_^CV/PQRCZF!

MUAQ+UO1;&O
?C5]]DC4D:TC6'G3NM$:VLTAR1J2-21K2-:47+^IT6I;9-B4
M&V6O5S=&KC0T;'MG*=A3U^1.%-04+;50HBH
2(Z/6K@0H@@1!2/%VL
Y1
B

M'ER4MU)HZ**+:TCPU#G:W.I2P6-!%BCHB.QK1T0@0AHOJ(Z)*.($00(HJ(

M[PPH#F OTKV
RL%NH)S=5NC




!$1;3)



3D3D3
'D@VV_C\+6D'T@XGT)WJH&!\+T9A
M)-@M_TX

M52=7_;C;+/4.U)Y[09Z[&O]8
!]5+2=!0X+F&!:/W=%7/Y,L'A)$)(A($.TDB'I]?0W9211

MXA_B'^(?XA_B'P/ILYWW.H$A^\*DT


M?8#Z+*: .^CP@B$K4.IM7:7JK16B/H'0%ZMD6%QPA[A+TC8&_0/H#6
P5$

M@I0:08N@5816BZ!%T)HE6(O:MO5(WN1D$?(VY1.+0JE!L?IC#P'F'@;W^7
M.









M[K
P@2M@%)-I)
(_$&XDW$F^FB;?V0&-D]S6J
M58*)RO9427R1^+QI2\M?Z@QXX*L,Q)O511OIG141+
''5;K?UG1TJ1TB9
MPD$DAT@.D1PJ*3E59]6IUPACBN0.T=RAN3


4?X?G;-N[/6F?P
J^/DGU=0^-:;B)A]%H_L:SCA





(T9NZ0\ #H K8Y8+I %IY7@C0_X#4+8ZXTVCN1H&VOK#42G  6E





M+\X;#@EUDI1&'O6)J-'+8D(#ETPB+XQ(S*('SV'$B9CK)3&)F./3./:&'G-)

?:LR'


'^ #^# ;/WKR'*IF


MQ5; %7%CF(EQN[_SMQ[AGYBBC(7%8J!. .B /B@#@@3A/$H9\8\*@2'H$X
M( Z( ^* .(4

M_SQQTTC\3S)B9

+58 OSD.)9?!A







MM
 EQ&UWSZTG
4P)SPW2I['TJ0TQB-ON7=Y+U#8M


T@;A WB%MYZ3'=

VLQ]81\0;X@7Z66RNQ(W.\&

M=CIB&:9



MZTFNF



-1K_MNX^Z[!M
3S1+

O$V^!P^BK!HP4S]




MMD+CZ\W+8Q/ZE




HX^EDKLY\Y!!BKJPZ


9X^+:R6
M\+F!FB1NS3FUHCC?!*1<CSETY7\4.9E %E:6IG.4\)H:2(3B^?ASIO+?_ ^

M0 @9Q]$
F;^QZ)Y%)^2WJ#6%

MHXQX


6)R;UPC[@-/
MB$1^S[-U-I]J\]].
/N&N=VY^;R4OAWF6
WN.QW+J^:X-AE5B0+9FRJ-_?O
M+)8IK/!_XJ_
+M
5[FGRSC0]/9V$ ??:?([WZ$G

M


E
6)
M-\XF4!%+TBC()[[YW7O4LR4'_(5V =/7'SQGEKD^\OC^)]^ZC+R0
O3
5-


M[_9



O=G.





MSNH/[

&^T2[/=


RZY.Z)C.G_A%'^F7#[


;V



0E/G/S4FG4$:$_

2V*27]V+

S?SBMTE!3B98.3VPYUV


E5S&A9224B'RBWE%0RJR&(%9
*=V)959FTU











SMEPQ: JK'W-6(N








F2U1SM/9
MB#O/9\NV@-%X1 1CB!<,12:72)@[@P#(%P!S4$#$\1#*#O:SQV M98^]@/3

_&R1 @ACR%NO %U




^6\Y
4%$4%45K5IY0
MHVWAJB*$0&456Q 0$714G&BJ+ C_KX0451H N%M@X=%^&T@JX-H*L^Y9Y0

M9V!Y93YKP[O\HSA\J3#O91I%_'6)NIXO

0G&I
7&$:

MS


MZ :ZJ4W:@- )@BE4&J5SA&@_*,X?*F]!4;LBAB[HH2TN3XC@5LZ4_22LF
MK99U56YC3T;2C2B#H93QEA '! 'Q

K*WDB&*1R3 /_
MO]KS#PS3BV$H3R.]^CNTI\X[2+OR-F6I@O^B1VD0HL:$:-LM:9WM00@00GM
M].0ME($/X$/-*]3T4)$#;%&++97RX=B2YTZ]?NF[/GV%+JV'7=3MA(K;R+





 5N@IO@Y@Y)4VTT  $W
MP4W](F+'=GFM

M81
M2HID+E'4YA1UP_3.9_(6#RH$U]]*MY)\HQ0PJQITBEJO7&$95;!0]/0)0@.A


MXCANX$!8\1L;?CRZN;(

MVKJ\MON=P?7 ZG?;5Z9]]


^'AE'
MV6?.


Z9S!OMT$K.SV1^OWN?\WA;7I)Z9


MTHBY) @3%I\0-V7D/+U/XX18AF6=B&0X/Q5WR(^EXY ;\?_XT9.(C;UTG
V%

MH *-4@'SA



'[WTQ2*OW5:[66'HM^R9U]@MEB^L&FG7\(Y
M0)]Q
 *


C=C]^H
M6

!+L;-HY$[/0A+]4
M$1+3*FD*MP,]Y=8V5WL*HE3)X2(L5DC<QVZ7V%%*QPA
 0%@X)IHV#=3KO$
M%C):X$AB
.[PBNNO2Z6O*ZD^9%'$W%OZXSR.61*?!^YGC]YYOI=X+-ZYVOJU




6\$%_(3+C
U\\$(M2I5$L(B;W7ZD((S-;?,.X5_Y<'/A=_PQ<
3#]7CBAT^
D3L6


MQ5%=?/LIJV45-3HTM;8X]$M!_5(%7$I)E#HJU):9Q[W)


5E_ YE[DI<&_^C2(K[S8\<
XC?@59B=S

M]Z%0+WG$R# 455\X'4GVXLB$&RB+VE$2
6X?AYL]+P\3#DG3YA,V])/ZZZ3
M\([?7'9$GLH\3;#)$IK%\4,^TV**#1)X^E%XOEEQD;=L?(,,_-99$6\QT
BY



MJK0-Q0WA5(&!BDH8.

M4C
/U
A3/)A3FW4=\\0RV_*ZC==^S0;T KUVHI=I6:T^Z%7:?%5_OR!+H?9)

W:_'



X6:H':@'ZNU/:M;0G'*9E /48'DPY?


0R 


MF 8?R#H#KYH(/GIN



F3F*':42



M.R/FIC[[

M_!3$291FM?M_I5[P.8SC3\'WA#LEXKLOPQLOH('C4?\KBSB?QF)_V?/%
R7C

M_9*KY8T?/DZ/^RT;XHZ(Y_)?X_[8Z95Y==4?](QKVVS;QJ79OFE?]SN#ZX%U
MT;VPS
'1+R_\R;=F#NLF#E7-[C*?
?3YX_-')QDNN*[Q=RM2/(63RF?_'&JQ


40YG+_GY_\]G;$MXR\


M-'R&Y--)S


YP



3-THYP

M[ZGCL#@.=]GL4*U8UMNVX#6P5PGV

*3RQM
D
M8H 



$__R@./_




MO  OP OPHO(U5(5R%XJT[4T8

^R@5E*.[L+(9='
$N;D!XE#

!?
+6\C3Z=RXJKP:(G
MX: FJ+G+H&IA4,6@N;JQUQ+7BEU#*J@)J@ISXXJ3%1!35 3UQECR HHJ
MHJ H* J*@J*@:%4[\?6OLW\;)M27A2A(URZ,LSGCW#]\]DSY0Z6I3IT/=G:


A)E]MOR^NMBD@BA

 0G#.H%]1+&_62UXT2

M.6^@R7WB^6 7/!_LHL;SH8=F =






&!@QY

LPI17.!0:!

# E(J1$@-#LSH3X1NOU$#P3D
)872

M#(2$8*DV[RE];@V'&_C1?



[98@Y95O3FU@!W&%DBD+EB%1
JSI=GM%)7?!XV$1L+_










QYGJ^Y
NMVB^S.[&8^




P=O*91P.\\\Q_G

ML)4.]@%^E
+/VYX&T-54=!4QNZN7KJ,BYHXK0AL@J[ES/:KYO(_:)#2Z(G8
M)\0R3&F5#&I&6?_@Y$S% *H4!J^8DV6_$*N?H5!:+EVE*)1I-ZPA
 QFR13

MC-/)&B-S6WUXE?
]OTQODN2OV\Q?
K_0CFZ^+N]6.3&1KA_*;]:2M]&O#OOX

MRUU=Q?Y\R]0[55IY :BLF-6B?5Y67R'K#+QJ)2BOS9+UJ]NQQ$%1=0TXCW;A

#W[8*-R]3*


R!!D

ME# E4^7-'^H
;55^KD#F%E7[9)];_O=2G9=[Z@6'EL!:8*@EI0;6_(('U3):









MRL$1]M&*KBB

A'(TD*&W9 @UL_03


M19A2_J#1*VK0V


6VHD.HW!
^&V-2#AA0?8O




HESF+^[P?TK:VTL^B0
M Y,\&1F+4)#KCV9#BZ\AN$


?Q2'


^U/E](P%#ACO=E)!]\1W.$3HJH3T? @9%&$\5


!T^VT.@ 

M_=8NS1.;C1 $XY

ME

M$PA;A;#2-K76'F$HD8

L3X)[$

M@Y*@Y.9)LUU4C710$NX%M Q:5N)^1K.H&MG0





[_=@=H9#Z]\HUZKLY_%\A.SSX^Y@W07^FY^I7_0(*71T]R4]@GA

W
M !/ + F8OT^C#RLQ4@DI5 $E@$%E7!XE;RF$5@+T5\]_(YO@N8 J8E2N;4

I(HK4ATP-\E.NPS'X]5&I/&)JX29:S@G/Y#X25O.TCUNST.
MM8751C\Y:5R!R$!D(#*O3SLVVQ(KEFZRQYPPQ5E(
EBV#EM#@:! 4*#=;6&B


M;&-7%T4!&QK+AF.)=$L$E2I,57^'UK9@Q5@!5@!5H 58(6?6;LKMYQ#:DM


MD5*I0-^


I
8X4\0AXACY#'

(GV?M^U&AL7U70835*H!?H ?X ?X4=
^P _P _P

M\=%

M1JXJ
EI0B!RQYXK+^J!ZSVL#:EZDIR


-\?WK
QR/C*/O
WYDS
1RS)'Y/%AKM )@ 9DG _)TE;_%U9@$) ')
M2B )+ *+JF!Q*WDD-'#))8U'Y%+$!?F=(4<;,U5






M0AXACWK)H\BO+*^M@=S
! V BK0%:*=BD(1V2LL
[4O

MX ?X 7Z4L@_P _P /\ /:OHI
T')3D--OVIHNBDQ6*H1*\P8[E@2@RUUW_H

MX

M!4E\R^_TP@^=/W_YZU]^?GW.]7#(G.3+\#M_%&_(\10D_QV$=S&+'H3=/@63


M7U G.37;ACVX&5RUK\XOK*M+X]KN]_J=P?7 NNQ?=:ZOCGYY\1X6S77KC5E

@Q]/C)QH) 


M)$PC\ID]
)_89



M!X/::SZ?VKG$3:
LMX#K_H2?&[IP0

M3TA

MU
T&0AJ





ML_*R#+9I+A9-7J1=R1(!A8RJG#J49S@]$I7MCL1
9:EE!?7(7G[&X#LE00CV
M@KU@+]C;

M\.&9#WWP 7RHF@^:!%^.3:


S3?53C


ME7LK+8$'PPCHTO#T'GFK?B 3R%3SL4=B+IPJP#_4%T/ZSK:QDP?JIWFS-RIZ
MLXFNLTH&
IND1O6

MK3?B;S1(A]1)THA%_U]

MA
$\
 _

MFJ!F52LPAUJPV3$@
!?









X9DE\'KB?/7KG^5[BL?@W1N
T8NZ7X!MSTDA4_[Z@
ML;=[YE/W\MSH7EO]FYM!NVOV^X8QN

MPHTI

1C9S1TTF6'C7T AHX



TQ 5@ 5BI@
M;\.$^GI-,(%BY0Q=-8KAV *P.@,6CBT JQ5@X=@L&H#=B?'%I%J1*JK74[:
MQUCZD'&O^E08.@^RLGR8A04 [T:D/FFRW4HF\]&+K)N2O 5CK8!_@!?H ?
MX ?X4=

M0 .@ 8@




7Z8XA3#[ VSMRHVL/7;NB]=WH8)]64AIJU



?,%I3FI]=\7]YH(GWP.*S!D3(]6&J8E'QR@VGC+& . .B /B@#AU# ?$

?CT/62)WX/01)1
!HJ7SUE@UKK^JSV?@H1%+$Y(1!-&XD<ZD;;:@^590HDU8AU&[+7&D<5


'J!8J!8P:.7M&0_



M4EIY#D@D)!(2J016(9$:A2@E%!**644GNEM'ORJN1(BM&XV$:*NTE0& U
M1SH$5NIL'0*KB,#!X5$0B+5D\A!JU.].;6 '202$JD+5B&1&A*:&44$HH



9IQ-POP3?FI%'$D7E!8R^^%;]ZRTUTX8?.G[_\
M]2\_K[APFO!3?_



\]I+

F(3&)!R25W#:



WU24+%5A7
M1
8Q


\^:J
[C

IE=@]^(E\2M'V9G\17FA&Y
@
M3)@K

M'0$[@ Z@*P%T.ZVX(8
\ZU"6H.JDT6K=,VY7KQ[H+ZHG#*;EB#AO?L8A8

?DO:


MI?E492!! B !D


MNJ

17!4.EN
!JYNGZ




[B[




M-K]XN\U0#H1MM'Y-I+6H93XW26CB+;?7MKE2ZCO'?;=75':1-W&*#NPENM4

RC



WA$HUQ@$2SYN@/IX@A#?G]G$QL+W%8BD!N


MV[^W_KJ].*NP_] [?CMV9G9OFSK9V?6::NM&5;;N-M=N^R9YQ:9K=E'/WT
0C?+)V&-?U_ 7)ZH(1
:3!@OS5+AQ





MPH&
*EB9JLB6
TO^48N@G$

9R$(O8LSZZS:(0BWL_4_2+;E'B5#45/F
MO[SC01*F$@K=NT24@DEK/ UG94I&0JAD03%VU;J=*P1U5Y0BD]&QW0NCU+P(
MBM0HD

M)/G@=

]L=Y%
M#V#4Q&#:/&B];-2




MIS^ZGH
0J!Q?8<;\L,AVV7









VTUL4
LJZ$].
MR),5#E*P-JV?.O<JE0U%KN1Y3%A;D]T59E*V*_J;MB54,=]^+0G5ULO]B


MD;^&';L^X3=Y(N[[AUSU2LW\9](5;AQSFX95E3E+*)^H$ 66YU+C=U')79K3





3L8@HL5!5&$W
M$0 
  / F&
/#*+[QZ28G:H[N$10RHC_&CBNS3_XD1OX4E- SVN9R;7

?W#JX)1117RMA=@%H!GP#/SFWF:Q!2)X!GP#'@&


M4D?F




XYO#52E-




K.M
/
J5RHRBA_#HQ^EP5
MWT8QC9

M)U[
M3EJ5F8H_QBE4.5OQ-(Q$
#FTOK(PGL6-@CU//'=?QO
'/U+!?;VCD8O
M(9])3(P62R4XQCL?@62
?:$/G-ILP06A^
WUN7S%$U/#20B;BY2)H9QV0Q2D

MU

GI6*ZJ2FSV(^M9TE*JW;R^:F4Z[$WJ2^


UM75Y7GOZO3

M7A
24O]^O

F9)+#==%)^=.
!7^\QGSC/:L#)YUD/^)\C+KCQ
M!#[KB!MDPYU-[V/%B%*JHQ


HA]8^XZV
MMKH14?V*[##6; =V\[)5.21;WSX#6Z$5O3^ZOCM


M).Y#VB4 KB Z0W# L* L+HA3%US:2JXLR0:,\JSAM5?5OS)GBZ8]0G0T:]
MZBYNJH7+2D]P.)P'7  72\*ZC$9'GM$'2  2]?

M6\%HW7



%VIV&U$3;X_)ZJ*0H0

M*YUJP;+:4URW87:T1L?2X2 !+ +2QZC5;/;'0-^ T!B])AH:[!
97/'\V;
M)KD09V5#%?R'A4A6IB2O@I#QMR1V$H;


N*SLKG948@LFK<
MERU-LGQ!:9#EJEA\DH'P^&QC=*O
?O%@?(Y%



MB4CT]6(Q*7+-A=2.HZ8T[D&.O=&_/@7^-!';0H8]T[RX.CLU=5._[':Z^OFI



8U7!94Y_U]%;(W?2%MP+H4D!PRJ!+UM$15X K&X
'

LK
MW$+7#0 

P/\!2.QNY4DU

MA!6.S_E5'!_-&^:Y+P/!KN8AZ_B^F=QY9=OWNWLL@OQ3ZN$TTJ V(SSQN/


.CVV4?HW5+ZI
SZ%0$V^YO;I94M8@[15K$'F
)#JP

MORY4A5\[UAOV\M])%+O]IZ+


MO2

/H!N-M]ET'LLP]8.@ HQ=]?C@7*M$4H])RP:OD
R4



D'E]&1Z
(!N  N@&MZ7[=G ESY.HF*!Y9
D7UB


MF..V@3EBEM$84?DQ/E@C;Z7CR4(428AO9H&MD!5DV(R@@.F@A-5$-PT$1H

M0'^@/] ?Z(^:\H'^R%Y_*+0\1@&7&B!4.BJ5CZQ'0M#9^\Q&RS!PW/80W)?@
M&G!-R5QCZ2UY1QN4'WUP#;@&7%




M=5# !8@ (F:/%TMTY0
10$0-$-%!L0H@ HB8.BL:W6Z[V0$F)+@D%'**HH#+

I
01=96@/BJ;.W66LCX3$0 41
$=&2&)8.1  1
MU4=$&W

Y]GWFNA
^]S_/:%AS$+OZ<KUJ6^[U+OV^T$X
MI+$;^+?BE6]YM\^\P/[VT]__]N-B U^9'=S[O#?.-4=H[/9=YIQ&$8NC4_L_
MB1OR;[[SFTOO7


6D4_LD7P-AG0U


M+(Q$JX%__YO[







MMOEZ*0BA7O+5JUN=HW;3&]9;%$IW?OUX=L.^VKR(R 4C* ;$4GA-M'YCTP
M\I'_.(C()5\Y.] S^7J&D@_0'_7U9[TQ
?XU]9MM;6DH)]KBQ+F!P&JKEWG
MG_L(NL+3+6QA98$.+
O#LE)P_97Z0V?B-D@AJ9+BPRUD'KUFC=!;/3H(6I

M.#OEF O=?'G*L$I+E_2^/YHW35E 1#(^%-6
Y

R&UNXUK=R%HLKP
MB_N0^1-D [(IA6Q:NH4$^2 ;D W()N]*OHU6%Y5NP#7UXIHM'&A@(D68J
V7
M6#J66&B6C&1*MH&KIE;8NF-KM5K=D$V&PI@_SAZCO;K_TT!9](_T:]
LFF
#$P $S.8Z.@FTB<#$\#$\WTMO2MOX0M$ !%2EK2R@M#D
MXZ5C=.6MW8 7X*7R






M#IP'3*N#7 -2[*=#*3*12]XK1%Q)6
&]YD6*N12EWX]RY271VMGL:FR+S-
M'H 3X-P&G+U.7B%Z!PC._7TY=4E-L1!GAV5=





[PD$EU[#!+/X;^2


/LHM
ML#:.#




@




BV;]B&D(@0< <<=X=AM]'IZ@94G#@&.. #P
MFK,APBF C!A;59'I2W&50$=O!'UP9L%P-4?<(@(4/<(2-8;G %18U.VM:$?
MKE0^/&Y+K$V\..P5BH/?.+T1 '/8@.D 


4^*6PX;BVXK4*A'Q#6]%7=!:-B![':UI
^*E2T)@Y<BT/++RDP-;DL'6Y,YC^YTA4SWD
M65J&VU?%]ZIB5B$WKMYJM$Q+WF[1[E)318'$?3BD<O!\5HD%0S7(+@]1YL$
M[89FZGE9S=N(M!*JMR]-5J3Y$N*G!S+$1N4:M,E9*5RK4E906]@EZI44Y
M(6.YV%K#%VP4


2XGPMSM?F.+68K;QR1.%P+3@2' F.K %':O(5<&1.3OC



$I'ISB




@L4


/BR\_')#:SH%FTMW4C8P




M7X2A.G9I#I


'GQA0(Q:


BK&O(4-KZ+W*11!6GB/@3
M'A( 2U[?2HP8.^RI#[YJI&THGYJJQT!=O0.7 5QL50*
PC;SL=[0VQ)3'0-0


5]XZ ]#-V1]?EUP3[N+Q-_A%E&.YZI%9U^P5M\(X

ME8+&S)%KS






M#]YN$C\KBKWU&?AW&UVL6X&M&H*+87-8YF%RH \($\QY)6[T](&MN -WD*&
MYT$XD(:


M%9*.0^MJKW75U2LD'=\FZ7AZ;(!%


(14
 ?\%=[_ %AU4(8CA4@X3@2!.P@#LO0#6DTHPH2\IZO@8N#
MS3-S+#'-\J)*;


M@)9JT%+8/M9U%



:BX



#R=8%BNT@5R?R

MW =U#X $PJJ&
(4CG8 _X*_V^ /JH4PA/CGD2H2]%/C

M!B .-L#_N*W)*Z)V& '-0-

MEBZQ%&K=5]7 5M6PI; !K;=Z30/0 _1JKU2P=7J:A)#5.L.+GB+\\K;/:I



MA*





RL_)
/344ZI9MK/*#6?

  \H4^^\^K9R/HFR$6:/A$LS]QD-W;2:
M5N[:I0JH\F9TP OPFH=7RTZ0



9,W! %FO8AFZH=S'
M=:)-94ALYGEC+?EPI!VEW[E*V)/O8UF\TUK-#Y
.Q;/K3MD$?G$'LG78$C]





MQLJQX/PM&I/1J5^IG]#PB9@-8FCZ8@Q:F4-PP64TO&/AU%@PK+2;+1FM-_@8

Z[6
KX]H.0]).0JVK(=91_
M&Z;FR@_-1=%M:PFL8]6YR:NUN/H4EL 
\]I

V^
MSW;%%Z_KS:V$];F9=MC9IWE\J+GG.7O73_K)$WB8/*';*&=_B4S7W2-VOL



MVRR*@A#J)5^]NB5HU[C-])97MLK*UKTO(7/8=MJ'&0$S0NT@JQ0H;Q^9]\#(



M%H?H?)I5ZBC



M_3U &]F -K*W77N'%Q('C*
4BH8U7?!^2GHTYCQF&U))=S[AY%T-DV
#4Y
M3)T@N?/8?A;#*V?I-ZB)5XL3KJ_)=I\CL'F(


M#8Q3[.
ZT:8R)#;SO#'\/AQI1^EWKB#VY/M8%B\0*K899\5SZPY91#ZQ1_(U


)_$ T9\*G:22=!/




MX



\U_YX:!9ZO)/OH:
UVIK6X/:KE/;&\@\R^N \S%7E/J3^




&G4P_DUE!




M

M


M]
GCS0Y[.CNF%*O\1'OAM^_[YGU+DK2^M :9 /Y*.6?)29W'+(D[739*8*


MR6+_$TE\?#:CJ\[EB3A3-'RTTI_^-.8X5OZ_2P+)(Z^!IYW%83B*5N?3&JW
M+UM&M]?JGIYKVKEVVKLPS[.326?:U9EYD?O)I#R'\#2-L?9MUW.S$-?QD;L[
M=N_Z:61?B@@_12*_YBZ+)10JG






Z%]WS<ZM]UM-;5]W+RW+
M'O:/35;W2(SPDK5_/3K0LZ^B3#)]?5:1=BPQ_].HIB/0AF4OV$/%](@YB'4





ML$+AH'#%6LZ7W%S9VF8N\1! )3*
(CJ[1\-IY1BE:T@MD-R@7E@G)!N:!<4XH%Y0+RJ6B
M<N68QJ2CE1L;L;\X;Q^9Q]?G0_[3(+


M*E70$&@(-+2;-#I87FT

MU[P7Y




M6

M7P;TW;!1/'98=N0Z+



M@N#J)K@#=$(7J&JL/N^KF@@# @#PH P( P( \* , 
 /@# @K&HA0?4\
MW/@K]1





ZKMAHWCL*NN@9+$2





_RPC

P/P /P

MN
@
55!%\TOQ@1U

@#\C9&GMXM(&L\H ?H 7HY



M^K:7.%R%XP$C(8M8^


M#T+_B;_%J6WS:26.+MS(]H(H=DM'Z,S+[__?3WO_WXW R[%UW\RD8!UPC_




E4G$&XP#
J3?V
*Z3UO]B/G9_[D7X)[\N59
M# URG0V\^


][);+K\SFPN4C^#G?M^U^;7C

1!V[H,&[S/Q-
3^^RN:'RC?D_-+CMY[GIG[S$
MYXNJU%Q*[8YHQ(3]FT^Q\^/$F[$46$;CKB



AF[EG8TTC%SWO!7S7]/MNH+WQ?WMQVK#ZW#[+57M3LH+WB\<UVEG2-
MO].=<.'8F_4HZ.(G4P^+.C-\JVJZ2Y&9^F6\09;36EG/AR9[3=;[G*-;]1W
MO6_G&]%1=+16'=T_5]!AQN9 /NOE\]Q=Z[78I6P6FJQ;1M_%W.\Z9+()F'
(





=.4
M1=(3QL'.45-!E=+!:0'

MXP2#/:Z@*


M'&0K2I54Z4 4(

MN0QERO+S?)JC!1'N.CX[ETSHKBB9H*(#\Y X\+5XOGIZAN49WCO+KRZLV0


2/S IE4
M

:)+T\O3:LB^

^\JM7K12WHG'1+16D5K%NH!8W)=&O5




 $
&7N&I4N/@ 3P 0P%^Z3%XT(8 *8U0=F19QF@U@]AB/JTQ
M
L2'X7T+_4E+;F5 Q4_ Z%\(;/#.@P!I *I0J0J0J;OK#D;@#7A#]6N@


/^@&%L'!:
YS'*

,05@D5#J[?%T6YTU



M2IRJC*6X#X53P /@@8UYH&MI352

MY)MBR69?&+JI@:*O&2X=4]VW@!7EO!2^^:\N;]VL
+#I^L=-R7Y])Q6%(5


@:FS*MC;TPY7*
MA\?M7G/C?%J;JDHEXUMG-X(@#ELP'0 F.T @Q 'GJH(CEM)L1JL)96P)F
MPV S0 _0VQ)Z!J!7GB%1,WL!IQ'*YJ8*4I#1T VL\['.5P,S5=B8XYQ.A+#
M@@\#

1VN:


+_9X?_W;#? FZV+9 B60ZJU-8DF\ (U^'G0W




)N=D$B&
!H@D)EP$1VO9/M041Y&=3

MAJIR)Z6?OL8(^A.R


MN?F$
$*840BC'1N4?

M0(@@1!3W6;

M+ (
T]R).%D*7]^AB]







M0



MGZ!ZT$TDG_9X ^/)@ Y0D*M-X*H#7
QY2O;$F5&?4I%(.^C5 0G1TPC -.G7 24BT#KC%W)11 \
MVI1.?L6IMX#2:5DZ+5O?=#*9465EBKT01Q)'$D=NW5\ZT)CLGCAR7U/]NX2#


L5!SV
M24RMPG[_BY_GCP+@GX/N-=5ZU/N5N1#/C!^*@S@-M[?\^QW-&85)%M)0GCP\
M2+-]@ TX2';Z85F([@\!S



.FI


Z
FG(I*D5J99UVM-F]0/OPO794NT1B=M6!ZK.


8

M0(W!X^8[850=^V0!DS
J+-29C:?ZZABTOK00P:MI\-(6#:_#.Q@-+7VU;0E\

M8$:Q
$*
68@Y*28&'6LP(DQ0?/@9POV$A\Q]KDHUD MM$/T\E0FD/2[VL#_5






LC6VCD;T-
M;S4WG8VVZK)/RO9)K7W:FM
JRCJ*$DQGP[KLNN=(M!&:A_?1!FIBR9V.6B
T
MF3A4GRQ55KF:$CD3AQ*'MIA#S=958DE]LK0&G7[?JFN%DFA21Z#C]!2Y$/(Q
M%N[2-)LN258ORT%7@]R:)BO2*V/U2F]*3:
D25IGK-8U5Z]J7$\YBA;69
*I

M L39)@OJ]_5M*R.X$%P:/W^

M9&

M\MB B!


V]--34^
8:#2@ZI@$+, 8;I/*7D

7UFW-YY)8EG!E-JX,-J@O^K/CE2$X
MCY5B0J/9:#PQWBR-L2/6[W1\+:E57<?Y?R@2$+]7/<

M79
-Y;@DBFPQ15(F=2)0O&\\K
L[)@(E FTQ@9JMJT21.G?H3;N3T\NS$7IW

S+XAC-H^
M)1-_I6[RP)8B602XN'(GXF0I?'T);DX/8'- V[JC3?KYW@#PT'ZF%L#X/U*

M
A,N9?GBLL3AX@H

M:@+$V6[POQCU]!51.X\-S82F

HD7QK\JTK

MDE*0$X-*!NWK/!I #$H


G7IHLE

M3&;3K5

OWPA;+



M:Y)\Z=)TG(9;Q I2^WYM\;E\S1,LI,:RH!!Q7#1Q PDB)


MDP^C;0YX!GWIRK35A



M[+7



3
'8-1=E.2MR]XZ4?
M




M':;-Q'/M+D7

P08<)+KMU#U]&4Z+VWYR[X3/
MDH5@/D_22+!@+C_M/KD4A*2VTWB#@/-?LCN<J
LJ2#C\*1X ?]VY.U^D##N

A[0@^2%B#MBR:,_8XFE^4?94$:@04




4RJ[
MT3KV?;VF-)0Z2!TTO*%F=[ A:='
]M&,0#-ZR!K




T% TM1YW*
MAS:??8W/&J\OM=4!F:N



KX2(MU+Z7B


M/W_
-$9

MBG#U

\%3C9N$QM/FQX!\

H*^+TN'23OFD7&W0Z+8S
MT $UE^5M/[EWPF?)0C?XTHR^;RT\[6RP(12135L0=!IK]D-WE1HS'L8 +


!?;]WDP5;!/?XA ?9B$B$082KYDD@

U]AK$/0]@U.]AH)DBUA@&)U;CN^#^K6NGXUV
M%#W@97P),WF^G0;!

M+I&L$--PW0ZSD)+WE5OE16N$)Y_A^N NJ





@VT1%SW.PTY'!Z91;0+

OG

B6U':O=I*<#ECN- T


M:MU7;





M5&

7#:7ZD;NQGM1(AB
M?'(


M='JC&94?UH89(ALB&R*;K60SM*94

M!ZYY1@-F,@0)AJ!BV61BT5,UHF



MKN5)S\C=_I+'4X7M'16V9[-NKS\8#B8C?86V9P?6V9Y0G6U#[IM1#6-3\UZ!

M

$]%4#6*N23NGZSZ4!?'JT7B\T41-9M]A X
T037#VBP!0Q&#%88QAL


 [?+T. #+PF
MF

08?W8GWT8


M*M!^-&UFG%^C6^Z[_Y8R;4(OU(@OW60Q=X7GL(]!X




M\




M:=_JZYGPLB' (;NT_TK=V)6\HN79J)YLGD:2OUT?E54I2.!71[ )O+)YIOV1

:TU]$OR&' (AUGF1@@?



M%;XG5NR!C\&?7#].(C4[Q8C]CZ!#S.J]^6]YV6_B-O642EV]^7]=QJ[E+:6B

MJ[.\!6S.7:1L;%TIHS!0P)'-4F0D%:
R4R
8L!GPC0L&#K33]E)'.(W0_T)A
M

MY!O_+2Y\/7E7E#\CY_

M-P!+E@?A&*I:SM)S#KC.WO.T9& $%JA'FII?CO^P9-'B*G% 4(?5Q46A@_
MHIG


M7OX3._?!=YK0I=P5R8Z/

MZJ

^9T;I#'




(<B&H:IN#$PAR20[0RV5V54QQH,+B_P5(4IH1L,5O&Q9Q'8-3




T3;BFNI]4[!ZIMT)

MA4M

MW;

\AHV-





M;=@TV BW^A1#HP X(;N)L^Y(9T7




TVO]E
MS(V9YRY=Z$Z778)XI3SL8 F\ [='W(^YC;JHA%L





M^XFXVGA!29!(*BI+^6YY5$FDJF/8EU+[5,/@T4J

M0)^HP1MYW/!+L$

M=C3*4!J 
;@@
;
M

M3N;Q16C^1N@6HWB7_$\8CCAQE]*U0'2COPQ6=KH
U?@K$U59[-+F7RJ_58UQ
M^9(]NI6YO=(CQL:# DE-12/7*]0$^N8YF88KJQA\]KC2S:ZB.V+MKU#/Q*'
M5/[Q ;3JCGL;RJ]2%[U#+'.(?U#Z;R+42L
IRW@U0 ^SP51K%284J -(O?6

=#B-

M-!8PJBG4U7
P-H(H[F2!C-S: &6]1;A!^]QE;M[DC\KF5AXGS$E%)XM$YG/5



HAG-S-J6K5-*(#NH*E)SWJ)ID EX
MLN$8_HM:G(T2!NXTA#WV;?_?N9_RZ*$DP('TZ=;/2I\L&K%O3W+_O^Q*YI_6


'T9
MI4VW

H@XCJ5+A-1N.VV-E&8Y+4DM12OUIN



M=6!K
F_4.K3YAGK(22=







&9HED]K]9OSJ5NZ ZK+-:[-YQDJ9J+*2-06NB6!4BD21ZL%X9YX.




-=_5'U:M9:FS=*/I3!


'!/4ZH6YI

MH\S&#KZTK/:VL2$)+IL*735[^OUQ=VI8H:/])^+^H#MI:N-'#6Z[U1MJUAJ-
M9:CZ@Y'N&EG&U6735$U

ME=K!RCGHY*&.((M#% 5[;1GJE[$-Y31@+![\BFP_5'Y5^9O&Z$!/L^MZS$E'

MC
B%A$Z^CAU3^8]#


M/ -*/UQO3?]7G-ETW[=,85TSK)RT6@XTU?+P)21W.9M$@L0Q +;&2!L;[\
M;*:
)+& @?$F@Q('U:E[/Z:NATV+:_-B#!*D66K9(


MW#B1R1;WZ$U?6^U&TITVUS3L# 83BKL3)@@3%4Q8_1'5OB5
4!1:6Q0Z$@*;
MQF0:9'*H*/)\I


72&CPAF+/%&=[6AS#87<]91
%


M&A)*GM0
Z _[76VI29^2CBF43-$Y0E2MFZ3T6=:$*$(4Q;O/-W9KEAHV2' -
M

/5E%





M\.3B$UPT3Y



#7#3O'H?BM+F21#AP]U8


?F



XW8I



M:97'GWB0Y--

MS'2P*%CMRXOIH$+MRNZ'8V
MP'DS*

*.5=RN.


MR3;]\&H\^O;)&.YJN#F[T7KA?;
COZ_M[7SQ?;VCO+#Q9TFF+V/3Z=;@.IT%


G+8)S:;)


/./IGS.F^
MT;!;?^$\4X9^6VB8B(:(AHBF=J+1=X;8]*$_E&@.CULVWPOYPO&H0]QALFG9
M%FO!8[$(/!FZ%!%N5:6(@;D4;;*'

Z=


QJ.Z-E9N$%PC]*AN
M&YT8C!B

M_*#RYK@4\KI
W;@H_NH_9#5&RPEV0_W7IN#FLG*D$/H9HF+*?JY+ 6LLK_7K



M2]-LLT6#

M(^Q?*0S!_$&7'28_KA4'^^2#+9U(PU2+7.H7BW;;] JX^7.0:(@/9.A$N.T
M;_4/UO]].46W)DCP(RV$ 7BB#XWP539CY+VX65__U P./6.XY3[MF#O@AC7




?H=VI+3;V 7[-1Q@X%2.N







M+XDI]59IJOPQGSD+FUR&[]X(/Y_]8F9[




O


FC&U7;*T0NS



+#



K\-Q=@'QDQT VDV
OU
M@(0


M)](2 !O P2US

M
ZF^ UR66
9%@JAH3B-6JN1]OZ9;1P&_QGDY];
96GY[ S



E.LA'PB)9=883:WF6/NP5?2NG4$VB(J
MYF^#A0I8CZ2F*



A5H1_H4LNR?MG#!RIV[\-M=X*5+


UNVVR!;QJ\^0V)*+9!&&



NX\P%;Q[;W;?CAM\/F
07=D
MZE$!:TB'!?9O#QT6H


MP2
TJ7%'

N@/#
M&K:W(=D?=/M-;?O ZL[


I---)-;8NY@)+NR217#;7Z


MAKA;!



2+_-++CNM\S0[UJ+T6N)B]UIA



MEU2A5ZAM








M+;=!_)7R*%&VF7RG8E3DJ8Q)I22S'7N12**@=/5RFV@]OZ'
J\2S[7*=C3J




PDB'3?R7\5^9:9PM71+C\_R9Q*T(8BZW]V.DJ'(Y'OY:


M'
FJ?A* =Y6Q[V!SJ.B7U=0KQ6VZF=.R)'/F3:E$7XLP46G#5BQ(M^A'=HS)



M+6$6//N)K%RD* 6AN/'N.';FPN\S1G)#5K!WG-3T
*D2KN
Z6;JJU7@^RNKA

MG\4=F'ME$7B.B&+TZ)('-+9+Y[&X26[%@ ^_B?D/KSZ^1];XG^$_K]^_8JX#
M7\#






M/



KTE3/I:GO(?^DJ8R.=EJH32OK1A0H_EGD*-M4KF

M+8-_M.
-]S*DE$G^&;L
GK @-]A
:OQ5J&G%+



M/_G9T.AQ5

MZ01DD9:\B(;GSD61P#B[ 7KP.=@E*]?/UQ3_6*FIIF60OK$FW;&I.\EGFI-/


#9%ZHFU60 4Z7UDBYFT6N$G\5E55MT\;!U^#P
MZ!V'YEA2UZL[5_






M\:3(=4/XQ;:%F




M!=HVU;++9+1EEXD^+L8&'2Z[4=O@RGQ6VXK6C+_I_'FZ/7]D4_?ULTOHW?




&OG/K'3W3=N2#O;WK^C*S:-@];[)N;N)VU76-.
($O+@E#E#/WJ

JLT1B

M@U3IJ/Y/*;L+U\\S_NT?BJ)CF-O5\M=*91&UD:PHM9950%A//F;.:^6 ?UX
M@FM&/A5K9'6&6](EZY9B(W*D;(N*&JECYP3.%V&PT:KXS=%TKO$T-N[VB;^(
MOXB_3%)%XJ^]1=7K3HF_B+],B8(\%6*K68AG%'LC=:3IE*;3!B32:[;N-'Q6
MU29CXCBS]90XCCCN5!QW^'X^F;FDT:M4'X-H+K!\YDI[)S


A]1C1J$'YE3I!B!M(\'-7.BBO6<-KI37H=:SPYO21-06O=
MECR!U(1%5%.TS8AU4F


1B\+FM6Z^D
4



M?_S

374-C9PV\$J[0#9V3&U]$5
 :(WJP#@\X V.-XP37PY?3RKB^JVH
#C*[P*M6!_XU/&7AV@L8XM#C=O8D
M:S:;LBNI2JN7


M'X#:;.2']S?9 OOE$:3BAL$*G H2R;@06I8QC
2+ZEPSP1Q_)GD9='#V5Y
M=&A[G(*:Y



M%%_


U9&IR!((V1B(([
VX7O


:QI.&=^*FTJC
QL5XM
(4#]Q5\I*$86
M$=IT[^I].(DAZ60W+



CH$?6^L[Q0P0]
MCX*E,FT0#R)Z(Y=14**/5Y BD;CZM$83A?DBV:4RA36S!S@:P7;K9X[G\G\%
M#?YJ)X&,Z.5,*'GP4&'O?NTWDYF^0/S65Q6?5+DK.?SU]@L0_(ALB
)?DK]


M_1^K/^

;8TI(_5Q]7U8;JL%<?U<H!W\S-E[:=@D4LYYM?


UMX




M[3%(@





OR
&]+.E][7E(Q7


H37(ZM1@_%'
@TBP:_Z5%.KXG6&J6=)
MTTC3CJ-IEW-X 3$;Z1M-I:1P;50XTC32-$.G4G+5R54_[3)+NP.U5/@94JW
MJT; [BV0A-
&A]2
DP_I#^D/Z0_I#^F/F?(A_2'](?TA_2']
5 ^5%5AQS'%

-!Z1IR3W1$1$1$1$


M7S'PMH #Q#))W9VV@!LGZ2YZR28&%OMQ+(UMHA2IDI0=]]?OD))MR79J21Z2


IY+XC&X!_<JX-Z@78+7LX5$A)1PJTR_




6]=.#I

PW\@FG@SQ]R'F=_CDW!%)UK\.J6



6<*=?
M1!(%_EC\T\G_:Q#W]EV#7N^E5L
KPER8NZ8=#=8BVMIHMG 0IPHU+:+FOLGB
&'^K.:IR]@5<R<Y&U V+8F



XPM4& XA\Z@
^7&.UZWW^H1[Q2U




K^I
ZC6(E3^07  ;@R1KD@#:25


O*'!:@:VO_KLOB+KI2 T U\_1]^Y[!
M DW/&:39Y5*0(60(&=HRWNF7($.VO'KBG5T0F@U6(I$A6V2HC0PA0XV2(5O0

J
MIX1AERUOGG@'G4%GJHIWW)9+O&

MJJVR%;@5^ *7-7%5N#*6ER9/;EOE25!G;6H U?@ER!*W %KJRR%;@5^*

QC?TH%HF*K_R1
M$J-8C?TT$;$:!3))_'-?C44:Z8XF:?:(1 8J
24
\/^^N5X!*VT;U% T?[IE

MTQK@/^ #?+CU'WUS =5NN(^F':2J\5+OYP\YF[
_QZ9 ;-&;JJ\
&C5BI?KH
[^9S6^4-03LY2Y9@&<2 .Q($X$ ?B:H(X

%+6P!


E+<#'N\'[?V'VV%T@O^ +VOSQ1E & @#8=8T1\=K
O=9<2:MC ,E[=KQ*N4
M6G,[#3S7*QYA4 R*[2#%\%Y0VH5M!&RA



J%=-U&O?*W'<


VRO/
#?--H?KWTX#&28M(72'?Y7QZ/*^NU.I

M:XY8I5*#:2QT

ME'^5




E&7UY$339W*FXONN


AB!NU7_C@ZCZ(TU#'[+_J#^)+_





MA)%Q%_G8?ESL6G\\NK_;B(^W Y+L)RA^#BXP5D




MXE+JYWE
H!H;+K9*


M_DU

4+V+YCI1A$/
84A!#-J^#M[6# L'_;)EL-\K$R^




P[V

)YT[_GP

M_PNZOSWV9[\W'4N7]R#H+GL.?=EG9-73
V/WOBAV4]D1V]-[T!N
OC9U2DPV
23AD$;.GXEKCJ;CMWLP:UK!<<9^%ZXLOC(?4
MJ[JV



_L;6EI_PZ3_

WX7EUV;K2

MR-49S?(J3V=^D
S\%2AV0


7?2N#3



M^I7@MEOU1$K5Y;;.[.&U.2QQD2=IUY;26&5




;3]J9L<L=4@:KPG5$ $+P_J#3TV^ %T8-;D5S[%+A'<
BO!Z


G.O.$I+%

U8_4AD@1_9!5@VN@*C_I2*@C:L-@!E]+&Z;)DN9UPWO-ND$%G .S







M






M(.S?':

B%D%]

MZ$[NNA

:&9B!D#H0








M8$&



M@5^PX]QL@B]51^&B=
TC[K7FA$$:
!!2%Q[L@'Y#A]:=9M_;6
JCEPN?9L)

)
M:H%$ZD-%

*YO31U!%0#
M9SA?)N
OG?IFW.X3](R(C_A0.6;4]JU#641YY'/!U?@?



DHRB)A-$-W;F!I$FF=NJ))F]%\BA=$/C5O+9E45]N


M5-\)_$Q4]O3K5JPD%_C4DK0$\
UV A=#A_=UXAY&W$67(3&%#&RU]5W:0Y4
M::Y:I)S%)=0BK%U=C%'Q-B,.3JJ2B5I!;-]RX52!9
:7;7X_S0KP\)J%/ B


[ZYS-?%7GVRZ@ICT

]H^Q8L%RE)(LX#J?(0OA9\'+/]?=F
UT_1]P;LU21

G[.D$P\3U^'HU1R[.C]WQ78^N$.MS@D3X9]V$
M5)D9WE F2^K!?D*)
$_$16X89J/C
\:S#3!\$MHE? CHU;MQJ/5M1]IR)?=0




?O/?)E

^)#P1I['$1EI;JQ-





YHCQ098;

G5?@MV+F\Y12?

A(3Y?GMCATTGBQ1'U

.$
M3X
BU*'G
[RZ)







7F^D[&
M$RF'9'X'I/3WVLV%DL<Q9=\TK&]]KB_G00#J# %V4^LK!]SI6X0Q=N2AQ+%

47$KE8_8MGL\10^+5HAODO2!$IFLJ

(S4T%JQP_II)G*EU/N3
BT.0\JFY]BN.A=4F%9/+]C[9




V

D=+$M# G)NM=D-

DQGYE:0\7

M^NQE9FH=Y7#1Z





%M

M*@7WN/DKB9N$K6#)*!%DC QQ_L3=G?T-Z;6S9!2O4_])/DNODR.55D
97D6T



=





\+!\

EU_K+R_JDVDFP
M=9]G6P)]4KTET)X?



MKE8QRXDO57T +TBH[=[



3]^US$[N6Y*ES4)3N 3?8+DF_YIP
S4VAEG$[0('B0.







Y8?\IBE*H*:M(;LO4@[F&2*Q
M#

)97@#4AY\RN\!K8E4;ER;WE)
MK(BH

O


$%

/7Z:C?Y_Z


M1XA0Q


M^J\/[R\7**+19#JS$Q]__(]_^^&'OS;U.'Z
Z8?\[V\?SY[TG]X &=
HCD.J

M$.XX[5'H



 OWE#'YF







=G8 8V

XI-DV7WG@N_M6?/4#XZ/O(MT\U\G$^;OHA_Z.#X?IK]NE. 9B+VSD


M47W327( ION-/R6;U.*V?Z*#]]^!LZWX%
\FWZ'BIY7\


M9]=U6&NP-_3[CC@L5H_.N'=-?=
_CEW&'Q;CR_G-C6VR=%B[HWNX37E7-_T3

;6






M#WS\;CX#HV7E0[VP=WO8 4-






J:M











MZU;I8)



]#@-'QDJ+_^])6A





Q!_X2Z#9N
MV(WM*^.

M+-?U&

MX'8G 53]X#P
;8$CI !-7;.$ HDJKV( 5?Z$75W]+EP] +E*
/Y:[?F%MVY1

J1
E


O+K):M799.6-NL@90FI
M9LO<J%G5^E1GU'*VU'H,4%W=QREO.[7ZGZQ2U##*02ASK+)X3AJIY#4B1.&(
MB53:=E.#RG@1!^7%DR!W 1[^EFQ=D-OM_U






MS(*HRQ)

U=W< 23I;1$GZ]= 9H 8N_ELO^]C &<O7
4&/C]&/[72ZR&MZ











5D6F7&(X/X!4#D45&4K2&UC@&#3S/G'=S:[5WS?_
MEJ7YR6LP3Y ?7B_9/%T5-/9@^T04A:

E
O%H3#=F-O]?V^B3
MZD=FYS4LUNI#3?\>PU4\0&_8-6S%9/3$
M.^$_ 7\.0-Z2X41KD3R7UQ;PV_3
HV! T?0\W=?Q.TIZ\\TYC9=')2QZDY]7
M_QR7_VX+$MICFHE$1S1$2EG!)6!!0-X0@+JARF5F.RZ\7R8!% &8.+IOX\


QU4)IG(P Q2@IX%\Q4MA258=:O\
M]BMO\%8AL[5GI1UG*M I'-@EJ9\R<$X03(PZZEC4N%N[%

M8


M=E@C+CC)R;ER;60GD-8II@XI1V=QZ30ZZ7CLE4_)USX;V)3
L;MB=DRF;J


M.#+O?_/UR@



L7STP94LX)YO:QQ@6 0&+)_MI_QB-UF-D


-L6X:IN!8TL B;C+&(B

**:
]XB1* 1:.8OS@


M6::0P-Y)+DV /79HP

M*HH=33H*Y#S)]KB2BN87N2@ EE3-N# VN^3[X;ELH%#]UW=;..RT**;R!@


*Q()E0RY@&0@TFKJ./=W'-E[CV/?44P')D+'[UG




R2XX!?H!=_<*[HGZ[=A44^)-<EV<?XN1Y_SF%#



M5*FP(XY7Z/AHN1

Y7H9K!AZY



/T<#J7,$SM:#+-M(O3\PF0!9 '&7F]
M+!RU(Q!X9]]**&.IQ0)F!\W=6Y.K=$F'E# <TF-=MWNC<M$WITJ9PU!^&)'



MX&/T9R$ 'HI_KB(R[/AL

MV5'SG[DLT

M7P3



M\P$

MGR5.[N5
V\NP%T
;Y


F6^OUM(
ME)4#*OSW?'FYT!_9]IFM(IA()JA$24N
'$T180ZX*JM$-(E[3T\Y\&103OJZ


M

@9EO2]N
:7W^+GBIUQK$A5\- %TK;+;J$LXG'W/FFP; !QX?E=G9;0%?:5Y9QUKB



MR

\M#C8F[FDQXI




L0 /6.%0_*Z@W=%^V9


M#N&@_&K/X2AHQYO'

2
MW_:N../49
^754D#):E&FF&











MBH&[')Y*D0@VH4B
IE2)7&CBA)7N$^+- 4A](CR:HP$6%+V*$[_==]=EN
HP
MSF!-%
(N;UEO.!B\'C1C(1FQS+)DNI5O**/FGQ /]D#:$^&YY3/^L\EA]PT]




XM 
WA:*MNU*
M;

M^MCC8[.
QO3=''3(^&$T&=W
;R[LW1*\^38?8




_3E


I_4]68&M
M\8!:Y(X@981'RK)\N ?J:0 SY:3+,9P$O]4GN$H%%*\^\<S%&5</SS_;\8X
M@F$GKH22VAGO$8X!=%N3%++1!0(]\DFC#$]91_OL=EOP-W0RV*]M)VQ])
O

;)OE19J'-\3!?%5


M-_IWO!L.6:
7QOY/-OY%$V_MZ#[+WGT]^*(F1FMX*D(8$=FI)&D$G1MSAI(C

Z2&7Q

$Z2


M7:;P@6:L//'4&DH1 P
%.4\=\BHR1$E*SA


MFR?!F\


#BIIZ
M^


=<%3<L!1S-B:=P-9EPF*$DZ2(




K1RY$B1X

 S!79Y-9;.)T]LZ.FIR:?4]7V6%S551)*:/S* :I


_P@R$# C.HP\JON;^KI49--
M@F8

*)

*C\$M^8.7A(,C8]Y,SB?YLYT1D?L,4S'K$A&(RZ90#*7
!X_U9=Q-AO'^QSH;^9-5CD7?Y*]I$ZG&2IA'=' ]$4]H@[8I ER<%&DC1%


:XY90QICA.B&K3:J-%



MP1HPIP28UUS#SC=8(6R
P\P,X()P!V<O65B!M:_0RHQQ+_PQ7MW+[64AP='D
M*D[\:/AY%S+U K_^]3D%/C+:N3'F;4L^SX'Q7J!Q

M-9B .^Y3V4U.Z6DW0@5MBE9+!CB46%DF%*(:V812P+#7T8ROM/1&D2=
*Z


7H_\JR:6B8[]
M!IYO/C@**Z[^7:LI?QQJK/[]&#_'R3S$ETT=9C[
JQZ.7?3^







UWG5#R)-
M@16^M*!;K?39;(%-MQ?8W-2\\E9R:1W0A@@PWU5.MXUM0DGA&)W'B:I=#IAC



M[C[$V76]HU#+7OTKIXC3


MES!
[6@RS;2+T_


M9^\DVG]I?VFRJK!K+;]J51EM


RIYP0_^ %[HTL1;3F



X3) 25V%BIQ

5SZJ!U:'?)C*W]

M9\KSG2H17:12

L
MXZ'T*1'39F]'

12\LD@X











8U4%AKV=3CY-

W9O'P
MN2KO@X!
OY1OPCGR4+8@H-E$0]/PX3Y =[^8W81#T?WGXW3U+8V$P_

2\$R

MFF[1#4;VNLKX?_=U%73%Q^GR?LV-Y@L]/;CWM;Y9+A_C%MEND0=&];ZZ1IK*


M.JG]UW=OEW
[SZ6
MU4


M\&OM[Q6YZ/:3:?4?D]EC^6NU6#;^?-*GS$[7[V7C8RUUPEPT_3J9SI=O Z;E
M\GUYO;B;3_^KO'DS=Y-J'G:RY=5\M\:_ES=WS3?#(5\Z&FQ^FU1_?ES$?Y=1
M;UY5D^OF&NSPK\Z%T^^3JEK_MA?2#\V6C9I%-I/9NIA\=CB0M)ASER4O:O



9A\^5^7DYF
5+C_ALPGT-MR16LS0]ZH7#P^+^8?5XOK/5DL]
M.*SG]6W^W4C[/CR@YS5MW!L_&JW?-E:@6\_3

M


M7=]/EN6[:G%731Y:$=)DAKY7'2'3X6TW\7
-W^I&O6BSZB8S#+'JOX??OIE_





^+V/OQN
M


:
YRMIF5X^^);. UFC7.UAGI==CRB
MG?\ZR+%_7(5+R]:&^F[RK<4]8(A79<=A^]QV54^WFB<?9IC/\YO-C';CSUC
MT_7UV?'ZWX^3V31


#MM

OO[G9MBG)[8Q+0T_


MKV-1-0Y?[CIM9OI:*D_=)LU

7M]R69:6^X


M?K#0DD)-;#&$VE4]SH+3$ 4Z9.$/
D6JJZ_FE1W935O_\-UH.VFT:K\RWV


:&G8WU
M'Z[+^:2:+M37:2.1?OY\H9&&AG
03AR*%P1#!:<O.0

M8_;+)PN&

ML4'/E.2MVARTZ-\7\^O-7XXPOMU$!85.0ZF05\QHK%7 Q=9 6(-S??H-Y:(_

MZ;2V*2S'(V;Y *!DX/Q62-_

M9(HDD N0A ' R2 1;^:KLBJ7
9$MWEU;D2#T8632G&/K+8(&F$MEVQW;$&(
M08H\T N0A_ZQR2 .:R/I5I);'0['!Q96,(6D%5)+X(D$6*#Z#$0J$)XB!.P
MA*!76/(=$*U8?Y@\##0+.QY%@&N+(6$

0XX9H-8




C V?7

MNNVQR^V+!PM)N)52


CND8ZT9ER_N87/9E
HOY



.&9CYKBH_
M3Z9U='\=L/\@2,\;CZ 



3





MDK8WWTLJP=;?EIW^)Q\GJXFLQ^Z89X\W%O-4U &


M'TA'' *T+-GBMV40Y)N/DZ_/

P'5?6



M5

KH=G= 8GS2040!PMI


Q8I39*X'8'(.0R!D5AB3B3$@OG=U09(.J[
BW
Q]Z2



UP=JYL=67
M[%T






//YM.E]4:^5ZHS ?



32 SS70IBL/78FW,@N.U
M6-L1/WG5M5AUV)0(=(8)&]1A+9C3JL:8IN4E)RW%FMC;C;K2]<*CQS*8;\U



&
(,F1*5)MDUO6BWXWJ:ZJ-1(WZQ6
M=V7UX7Y2'3/+-)N@4
#K(-Z.:HZ49EH+M2


M1A7 ART/
2HX0!Q!+F+1IPV)L9WVN

M: J@Q3!L8Y34H#EJ:%(T7\X^H[TQ/1V4?
[N'?U7MWNB#B_1WRTD)\IY @GE

ET$Y--!I8PS1+*;SKHD!1+I
*19M_=V-



M
[ I*!O[^7JZ<4JR.\??%<H:4 SE-B*9*6BJLWJFX
M'.A<OLWD2VZJBMX%A3SVC._OL'76W$!U.P9Z8X$AX$AZ ($ARDK-D:WW068H
M3;KYY72=I0K8./#,(*J',CW]HBJG=_--O=+K;Q^KR7P9-@4B5O_;;8N3JEN





4PGJ#O7D_K9H^GM.5Y?
M.&\  $0::I$AVAIN8 VZP B/ZA
9KTCV_.T
P+HS?B^1DJ:4_T#KCF4^B(.Z
M

R7T @DN=L+/<CE

55Y
UVI:KH
&YI]K.+.



RKUZ2I&?D




M@N% 55!H:O)(T(LO+(F\

M% %V#JVL(Q09^&HWH?SB?SZ^EDMB-\&==\\C-N
KR@. :[(
@$AT@*#P!\
M(MI[-UHU+9U]BVPP_9/(R-A4N'&)1OZ#OE[EQ@(6S8+^3J^NN&U?=^X DM+
M=3@WD0CGIX^I:]C49 J9%DW?WHIZUNM[#[AD8/]WJSQY==O[?$EY90:X2Q0

MQUI88IAT/G:/VA!!
$FJ#S;8I;TC'[Z_L*?CD




;P\_7(131RDED2 T'#O(0F=PO4:/=5(;T<'B



X$-(I[&O%6Q)H[]?*!82-S=/87V92*

M#C7NYP6%UU8%V%38S B-2/&=J@.#-@M&I='W&NUX!OARR=W[\O-C=7T_698W
MS_/PUET33XG4L;&%0# @'4V.WCO
$T<PE@$%=OY &G<:+<$
YHM.*ZI*/3&OQ:2D814+M'8=%;\ 8C?
MR[_6OSDI':?&%]*&#XU1B:QWEDBA+?8UV2:HY:.Z1?:]5_2
SOF$8B/#':3B

&JOB?@4
M=\1X

#UZ$VX*TDP3E^#H&!JJ+*E\B]OIZL0F


S-0\L4NF5&-N-BITT@Z/




^

8U%O]+<_@NKX9GX5-)W)
M*M;EO5Y-OP06E




MA.WCY*O[&J


R2I(#E

M;


MKRGE++*1CM99A.)=5095^::^:&W5)S7?5
Q:*]/MI*7)A(7QBB7:SO8HPP
M8-V]9@.

</9,4U I!.=):P_B]0+1VE&F

*IARPX0*@H)-4P]B*'3VI?3#)3)

MJ*R6$)U/1C:^\YXB^8Y
5D!GM2(4QC[M$ EOU2ZT47OEQF76'5YF^H
JH8+%

<HK'66&FT$1X1QXG'
=-


M/ ']HGI.QWK7W0-6@Q.PX4R%

]*,KKQ^J4#MUFFD(HYY#T\2+A$4)&<KA3_ R23&#

 C (; DLWTK?8EXOX+\:
?S$L

M9.&X0CYSL;M?T-*_[WA8/=]XWI=?%K
O
7JP*F^FJ^UZ(KGSF]\7J_)(U'@?

TTA&5#A?P!C@X#W0O

MZKN]7

M@M@Q0(&46V*T)#9IDQV^T5=C%AQO]-6.^

+D W?$J(0&Z)V7Q#\L(:?37F
M5N-.3VD O3HYR,[_I$9?^=F?G^W)C;[5=)IZ2 5E@ C/
7.UJ0X[S
=\9U;
M037FR(E&7^W@R&(X[M+H*ZCV'

M4\+2\GWYI9P_EK_&R]'Q0D/['@\;'


MZ4ZIH)R

4-*\TD*



MTU3R8
M#*JBS!@L7+:2QQSD$-6G RZ0SEZ&;$?0/)$_#92+%^VK%=AKQ4
M V]MXY8#G@-BU5()ED1X268$;O 





*&:C;\,*)<*_J):U?N0]-VEN
M@#PBT;=1*AF5,]\MS_]<#^ICI:2:3Q'@:UU&BN@A64.:HF]5C7Y7-*D2E2#
MN1#Z%HJA8
IQ^9M-ELNKVW]
JFHR7UU5[Z=W]ZO?'R-^5[=/=3CCW296+-D^






0$0*71

MF

L:_1N$8!9_\E/OY1/_NC?)M_:




G1A2$84B-U40RQY5B5&!7KU8R:T?L



55B
K\N

M+
P3R[[U&^79F2



&O!NA=2


M4'+)I!4&


-;!6Z  FKI& 'B?5NCJ##;0Q


&:V:0)EY[ EA-'


_P_




M&
4HY\ (8:W%
1H.U%@(9M2%^
T:L_3[XI ]@)+A&*Y7]\=\^;F\GH:=^/39



3UCB#*

3A:S:P+

#:=; R








G8M




\
@G(SOF$PHNY
M&3]N_3R;KU)K1PVS K@J8&8*(@#3!!B1!#&8^X]UEV%R G=V1L(/LFQ3IV

6!$H=OD.)3S7K'X;W

M1-??EV
^G!1IIUIVUV@^44K ;(S-(A]DW-B'(!&$P&%,TA@%[\Q!!UW .,D
M+WMV1VPV44J ;)22-(1]$SF@N) *PZ!',@&M,3+0E7DADH*I\[NZ




MY


W-3^D@YPH1D$A)/E$08

/O/!W'_7


M0$0PJ


%9?:S^]YJ@%UG
)

:$F=\E(IZIVE

M-3D4LG%EA/3 E9
*=$;DP
M!ROF)+8Q5PI1);Q7X3O8R2]F%(SV_.[J



MO?+A1JN#NN*)L99)!7?D$T?&U02V.^8-J[BW0Z4]#_MHG\ 14-9)9!5RW&*J
MG=GIFPZ3I*#%




Y//T]5DMMVDSEMG
O+CZO;E-MPD






MRUA4DR!*I*C)4Y8G:5T#QP#T?SSW!<^YN'_:0WQX5&9




MK

B$7ZS^O8N7/.JCXOW



: /H+@J)4C:NEKO#


M33-R\


OT07V]W)VH[]]^/SED+7Y


UQV
M .1
*MK[

4QQO?O


MXJ!@#8A8!H5HST)/QO8?'%
@PKWT1EF$%
? &L5P39XVG(TVK6-H=BZ&1?#5

MUB0Y;I(






M6@P3&:NOYU./FW;#;=B_0_CL\84(@9(1!TX8_ 4;TC$X^L^_3 _.^*3@Z;
M2B]5_JWT1B
CD&$
(X
* %
M&&
0(9%
49




K1PSF@!)9)$ L-=

=8''!E.P^?%%AH?B(<'%31FQW+C-

()42$(2-=4&=JK)3D7(W6OM*562=YWPF@5R8%8[.F
MC(7Y9SEU;FK:KE=]9

[T[(EF-Z#O-Z7GB
MU#JDL)$Q_?#P G(.M6 D7+6!\UYYYNMKDH+D^];TH[&K]IE:

M6/WPIE
4X5XF''?4FM
((0;W9?&09)AJ4
AH:
0I**559!64ORRRS$=F)R


70+NM#::63


QT1X2BA@=;2!XBQ-WQ^N^66VK:QW

%.3TVNIM(2*P
M]TPC*PR70!L$MR!+(E&FBNA=ZFTUE9*
];9:83H9:;VM?JHE0(.HH80#ZJV$

_&%:#5



-!2W1QGH$Y\


&YG]7=
X?WME+KC#RF&''
ME116

%5'$J+7-
!M5
M6*LQ


MP&\

MI/)L^4&9]G3^D'RK+GO\:UOPTZ0;D

MB*$&

CCT$H+!$?:6$)J+)Q*
M
S(


X05@BQ?G.1&@QHDF%C@;.7;P
M3:
_Q
\G5=/E*/CBO ! BR8E41Q;95:VY\W9#H8/JG1JAJ]\*Z9/'2ZM5*





M:8ZI G9DQ@)J8:2D


CJ6U@0527ZA^UB




M0^(SRZX @$/N$(1&

MBF('P*E#QY%



M951=_D$UCQI//G6E?/^2EF'0FK1^[O5BNSW^-HN2N%\[U;\]LA(:9QT6#BD*
M


MMQ






M69UV32(.O:


F*1I@:3







M13=QSSCHNJY;PVR%LI8.
4


$2FFJ&9]!,7+,+ :@(L=@[ DQ4<'#3K
M^;*


V%.(!B5]3--25:L4AT$
MF




6'ZU5G=WA\^'5=4BXK)5=[$#5^_G

MYQ

#1%$OJX@1JJJ
Z06


33:_6Y0]4J?6]^KPY
MK/?NK[O5X?X$24/ZN@QF5+FK#MT'4LA#?$=!M#1$8.(HTDX0)1 UC^8:B4J0




P7+#VY'1C.46@F2/K_+F=#+U:+]5WY_E-9


8$I3X9A1R!'1V[&6Q0CO/W'AMH:\P2X!3QARXD
MM-*/D4\L@ (HP





22W8'VWV&122 $51.S-Q^_^^R;&OKB/86D#! B+44!
M

V@\4VPRJFXU+?Q9C8-)S+C892J;<+[Y<-Z^7%Y

J



AP-&XP\.N_@A,'0B0D9:I7Z[*K0F?
M\[#97E^DWUU9&$L,!CK@ +A.KBU0C8Z1FF3A8\^VA+M@\7@C*R][NI0Y0('

M#R:&1S7.E#-@81\4QO(LJRYFZ_?[S=U_WW]:;
O=F\-^MU^LJV*+ZV[FE1L+

M:P




/T
M
#N]PBQ6J_=?MN7B_FFOV1EW+U-46H4=\Y1RQP!@3)RL8Z2E$S?KJ4?*_?M2
MP7H\3CO/VQ.2F-WXL#ISUMMS5H^H9 F+ 5O2 ^J%&%)+P3+[@3B5J3-6U
MWUEKIOTT#7(,5,9-5NG3Y_./_6-_QYL#E'Z\N%#!F*204AL=2IIN/.B1D%8

[\#P9PO-WI?KY6;[[W4PYP_;:@+ ^FL9O/Z@N%YO
M]N7.;P[;MT$G5@76A_+_/:S+\ 1\M0RMQQ





QSR$H3D G!;.][8*]H]H+!&$R:=)\(%U2H!!;9QW8E%

[
B8P(TE1NB_LKV';+7?EVN[PK
MFU_NSK_=76N-$?6\ D&)@'44.L00UD08)1OL/8QR=5+V5XF5G11H36R'G']Z






M1




(S2^6_E\3QZ_LRF/SHO





=.9%@NV?IW/;G5

MK@AI2_A/&\K]_W?8[8_#+0._U!OSZEVY6W_;WG_[R^;=175?+/]=?F_A^7]
M\?+3KA0G]U-\9D&T5D@!(RWPFL/+/&R:G5#

MV:^ABG$8 V6L]HXA*SGBD'-1

MO;EP4$B*E3/: .V]X)B:)D[A:53 )V7CKZ%U\C2X3FRNO#T=+X8=YWC5VT#B


T%IMYZ8+ER&B+FJ-&TT0R.NJADR*1=X8Q(@8'=BY&1'S HLLKD X
<<CS<S0?KEB'T6 G^*44ID;
!?2J\1 =2XNN[0$!4W
M !K._:!R4HQ?CI#W/#(9X4L*#J$2&$J



W]_P1FO,2T6360&I%%125[ZJ4UP)@ 6I
MH^#6^KBS
33GL[$D.
Y+($=WZY]]6R&UT38XDLYB 81#H!HX7:]Q+*-
333G


M-



M


@_PT]

Q.I1OR^V1A-:B






7+CD?[O8%) %_6WI$E]OB_]RDYXJ$C/V


MS1[;C'Q[O.3MXEOU(_7G8GO?*EK?^^%%L


A8%4)(ICQJ:+I1*$=G/(.T$YOX@WD
01 RR3

MJA%[C42BT-[

M'1=XV@N
&7

MO%&
$&0%I08#349&(FH$1#=3R%FMO/V@3%8Q4-RR-AZ_O6*GZ
UQ6LFJ-E


M=R@X9U!!ZU4P+ %RB'JB$?8!)-ZL10EX

W

M.3[V@F&6'


^;A07PIF=GU


MMT@)'!2P
T1Q!I4]0V@ XG%3P+/+I&PM**-E4G;#^65G4DJB&(4$
(IE^+-J


?'7

HHA!I(03Z!'VG8[[RE29KU'YDZUQWHP 12X)L$@BKWW81XCCVD!
MK='U5T
@H\YG1VL_

=56&




D48$/91&)QE


UH#



M


E-B[;_3R.

*8D$%)9YJ2[VO]REC*$W513*J2JDU

M(-9+I!@W6 H.':-.-LM+@GSW_4C92%'X$8?I/P([+BYF3(SEM/I$B8&*5R
MEF+


MOV&77Y?WY?H^Y5)X[MV%#;A29 0F!@EIM$66U' 3#Z


M'X 3.1=O7%OK'\KM9WA+XD=Y:2%1U53
$@

Y

MY\)'F9%27ORB^'[=VG0

O%[K#]=O29?FV1
M9=GB[H)BXCWQ%C(:]E=%'$7G4V9C].VV5N.0_=PGWTJ+O'A/$/U@*1#E( I*

M4A/F;(V*DRI1O^-.YR@#L/@YM3\$/JE

/1-@'C?F&^^





Q!BP53DX23YI762YUPFH3+')F556QSI%A9PBU

M)[?5_Z5[J$H%4'TG1,8(*Z 4*0F3P9W/5\SH^_;O._%T0O3A*R



M5QP8


NHDO/N0K9D93'T@S*'/PPSZF#FE)7.2

X48





M


WQES:LZZ9%?)^#YE3?6!C!-4 4.:6%
@V!BIO_ 5Z065 -449S//=AG]?;(]FPQ5ING%G :0(2\=;A!5@ALJ

MF



W\4I'-K&



MZ1UQ;\V16Q'W3G!


#VQ*67KND]N'6R_?76A%!
75H&\@O%74A:57DQQ R'?PS:#\O0K
M@P/WMY9W(R
W$4EQ'9-;KWID72YO; :R@598#9J&SEC#I:J(!H)F&\(?@




/7=M


L^*066==$-(6@/NJP






[8BDQ3*:#C&!<?S<4



MF\\IF
70&P.5%TX0B)37S;ZDC8Q:YJ-E+XTK $.#U5\
/I2K\F[S^?-AO;P[




XE1CH93B

M:GW_*


P31#& ./RO=M0YX'%#7N%
XE)#H=*=
M?S9X9]O=



[#UF:3H8&


M HR%IA)A].A841R5[I1)C^PA)2(.KHDDHE^/;(8\AM!XIB5C !
I4:-L+3*)






A^@$5MKGO9J
MQ-8-KD6FC=C2=VH!2 FH):B&C7+F!7#!#COC!C1*%#X;
;3?6C!Z=&KI!F(
M:V387AS6T6!452.R@ R6M?**H'H%0P7R'=\]@];-^6(@^W%24=N ?B\A2*7
M! HM+$4$X4%EQ)[K6FM-H72(JJJ?X+S_]9PMSG_[X;)E!E54$#@I/9,0.F
MWV




MI\&-0(C6Q'A.HW:D@3




1A-9WX?/BTV/^^.:SN7WW^LKC;NX\?
MR[OJ


MK\9Y8Q'

M$-R)J][:


!-6&G=)4

M%
!S.^[JSY$;J0;=X




MC5!: 7GZT1WEXME;V$$8@Q8:)D.6IKE6FTI 9Y]30=1QR& &:*(-OF\Y?-

\XN
:D-DH9)X



MA%\Z43DN)+6^_S5P+$9@KM]?:(.E%1YZH8F5 &OH=+.KJIM!D;3;T'1B
RB*

EIT=T(]
PQ^DYLYT:9
MX;G P#







1:I6?_C'*MD .(
M2
X



DLLB!
M!N

!H\IY*AJ9AEIGGP\Q6+ G

)[D%6)LJ8$M ;FRG$(?AU


0@M&AFZ)LJ-O)SW.W%0A+*ET4K*6.<J1^!,I&<X*DJ?<A!:7X]H %F

M.4;\9EQ%QI&DV' FD%%:  W$N:X7
P
LO67AYE5%AKWP'G%CI!)0$X4QD&=B
MM*4J415!URJRUBRX7D76C?B7745FF!-*42()0DP!1I P-18.S:%C=VMNMJHB

M);)J :J=$IQZ6T-FI(@;E9:R_BS6'4B/72;B]GP#M*OAW#Z/+3BC7%
!&6#

ML'D@H8&VPB'B:M,M'DU@DXL:0.#EXG$5158QY9M#V7X86\=]N/CHZ1(01I
MJO]_]KZUNVTCR_8?S:WWXV

^&++Z\W5ME3I
M?VUFMUO#^D.UW/U


M+HN-GM%EU@?%2Y-F9TR)K-Z@C49@UZK_-V9-Z\]I' .:R_#=^2L]^1X]3O



MD B##&18( =$@P86(

F.R/S '87RFB)@




%HN1%+ZC8EC
M;NO?8.3K]/@:H@H4IH2YUV%$-C&M 
!%'AZ]'2)C)8^X;!


E@+
M!P9T.EY^W
=;OYO?V]G]JGS_1=W?W\ZO:B_)8WIO^-';^=U\?=+Y/\+;HL=
M=9@QP2#AFAAN(6@@Y=#I&(Z.EJ1E*
)81T[L-!4_3@4







M@




ME0MV ..2


H3C






B-:8M\F Z 9
=P'^6OX]OYHM_G


M;F!==B39UV?W_ ZJ$J,&FNU\@T6W M_OI'DUE)N%4GNAM/911#RNT@%\Q3
T+K474BD$1589H@
MDAPKW;Z _*219!- \LXKI*RGE@.+$&M DA@DZI2E1:8#LYSC@5ZX1A31E B
M*6*TKG/73)1AEV^;MC3B[1@4C +S@MF3G;)YAJ3))9*L?1@7]=8++AGW$(:!
M-N
4WJ4JBS%
M*HMYFTBR=V F3:2[&U0R1S9=AW42&AIL-_K4F'X62F7(PAQ
M




M;:V5#BN##&JFQRD4^7H5^TFK=30R#J+XT%V_L%,Q']F(4MMG? 8F&L(QAY



M.'[28+3$W,F@..2\ 3\XPT('F*$W$F*RTP'9QG'$X



M3RUHW6! 55PUL;#=XI#1;N;N[X7%V;DZ-F(8


C_T!&W0X+6
F%%8X+C2S'S72$DU%FY03.

.24810 WVIIS!/CL]MCAQ=B








MXSDR4TM$]C#$M4X9 9CHBF%@6[&XLJ(;$8^P0]
@H




MPA8N:G)T?JF6?Y75\R=

MT#()#(38&LLQ$)*)H.0Y8@5$^)1A-#$HIXH+=7M0X8CRSGJN(((.0
R$L3LP




8YC+*!XMR9O






+E
G&R 857FYP4=2<D:%+!_NO%E\_FOYW^6L:F\
MM'A6(8UTPBB!/;(&
(-W7^F+/((T6BNZVD9%(U:5B0*;RV'H]'^:4&-U(0&
MO#VR#D
M!''[-9E@%M79;C2W\^1$BL4M)RK5#LG!F+1_6*&81=(1INJ2A=XI
MSPG: 6(0


MK4T(ZMAM!:
.(P(=UAPP14PD




S\&%
%R)(02



MV1*C99&

&C-H\I

M4J2
H09!C0GTS'#KFMDC)*
J&8^6'C+I1C8


#.[*A;'-0EIY:WM\\L#S^;5Z=*
M30_^KL)@SQR2%B$&;%U;B)#&EZ.TEU$IO:.5*T^UX3%=)?Q*Z P(=J?E6J

H0


MQ9+ZLIP\UBC'E2M_+]Z;+LK'2$0F@UQY)(K0R5H@&$(Q;5*R-EEEUK@?;-

MC'



MA172



MZKK42K.+4JD0CN'8-(EH ZH?H^-X9KEGDV1(

M9C--QMF FDU:4
^
I=-F2&I:=ZW@E&$/@


D
K[ZPVTX[V)R&1U&!.JZ0J0( A?*


M++[4?VSUKQ;DZ_BD @ IH%.T3CP72FOP;)$&





U$A\5%9_[D=4(^U@



M09&:*\E+I'-:P4T9)AACV10+(5B9/_UR%2]0O)4=H;![.S3E@E&%A$@D5





MI260%]!83RPEU#G%PW\V@V?

RNK/E
M'ZEL\^.#*#Q!0#($/9!U(52MB-F5P!$$




P:Z3.C^+1=[[#GBE-LH&8
$^:IYDTDF$@%
MXKJ7_[PQR'AHIV'M

M?ZC*^]G\VOU]'VS=
ER_58B2QL5;CZ?0&@59.(&@!($J7+G#8\@$[5HY\^

4
GVSH
M


<W.V:T^%#/L11 H**024_A%V@C6$X%2MG
MSMG









MH9::2*Z


R$U#R$'P?7U?G\K%?%F]
M6Z[+E0\;VH=E@./S7V$
#]N_/M8ULYM2;6XVJS4


4<82)3)/P:

M\#$%

U-#556P:D&R





M2I*HRC%5]97?GCR)%O&\(D#*%(3
4@



MZ
F%%MPQC F#/FBOD$!AT%Z#]5#$\&;$4\AC\&8:*-.M1=N:E/
_-NN=KEEG




4[I


 YA9K$@P#OJE85/


&YL50Q807!4E%FB/ -+!:R*
TRJ^2)6/4@!9QG
M%Q1'EDB+B

!*

L\1LI!*1H0@[*:5ZODU&1

MQ1)CS?=6


$G)J

$





:E7E120
M3L+&9^'SW4\[JS*O/Z)P4AL%):88$DX#[K\?O(8BJATH]%:PZ3FTR8Y9*


MR



M-5D.O&NP)%(F.D WXO&9UF09Y/A
-SC/[E@$9

+^IC

+
[,+ASATL'. U:*3;A
M_QMP(11





\@BB[ZW9S?&I4^W1H.#RBSG JKQ]35BX^L**W+3BQ!\[:P!^K


M[D([Q+V00@E H
224[/_@B05YUC_
-;&AZN21@R1%5,(CWNNY!9 5!RCNG



N2GUD-6'
MV?PZ1@79WEAPY@C@..R=W!+!+9. -1

M;4HR=N+%B[L+PK@P6@=ERRB'B*
*\6;*W
.HO


M6





_MP-IVYNJC+\OCQV9R=.IAE2
M@8 
7SFFP9AWBBNHO6]28^IB;G'FRL4$\[(40A[GOOYK
[O=%B-^AM'CG/7#
MK[-_+:OM7TR8\



NGT!


)E9+0_7)(%(J*:W7G1(:JWG@@
MIE@G7@[TY
#7#Y_*

MV*]=7CA#I8 TV$R
8XNDU%H^862BOOK1$J2&%_4 F'1?[=7MKKOMM_(QZ'-T
M.3]P=2$H@99B#@4SVAA$-FO/LZ*J$C!:&'U8=?K829Q#+\/*MNRJ?(O[K=

.%#3J./O4.=B1
M
?<U3TV<(R/)(??F]G-]\79?7ZEM9S6[J_7MS
MMVV ?/FUC;W''#OA)/46.D$]=-O27HY0XXW7/U&:B]=, ^8E
%JMG6O=4!W

MMR'=34=S&/4!3Y#F$BO=OH!
X@J8HC4%I'4O


?\8




_G+#IMC@:3E7E-
M.




M^# $5!?/D-SV^_R(T8$0KY[N_/T?OU3+S?W1
YW?75


IW@3R[41^\KK!::
@LRF5E%*7#--;['-
M=AL?1';M^- +JHME1F[;=WZ$Z+M]_UI6-_7QQ6VU\3I =+PZPZ'+V4)X XA

MC

!V



H9SZNRQH#1MJ&126A\F^7='_/%

M)[2:IWK$ ?0Q?$@-]]9+N)/+_9:!_Q8!D5Q4_Y2
M*V/ORF,&^&N7%]B$2%IA:82UU:F9

TM

&]24)HEJY$56QQJ%'LM$6;0UYZ/\*2?Y.7%A?=:2XZ$9AIQQ5A NTG

MUV%Y(P[@;BSW'LKK5/.-N/5 $7YDD?S4 TDS $!2:+!; ,8/J#Q;/[S5_.O
M3MY3:,&5)YP8YB10'*%P9


J-EM\O_V:^_\.I89!TW$CEL
#NM.()V!HU)PXQP@0'N#)(2:*BR;1FI\CTG
M/8;03GLLX^Z !Z<L\

Y=]3NB@



?DQ;#B9HX.OD*9J=YM4E5[/[@PO
J!:
$\DUP
XK
K)=2)I<VPB'$GF'!W27+U?)JQMR]OY]6.[D!K/$YZNUV\H)$-<

4U#D43UY/M#3]0X.
MW5
 (-P 2A L!&F&(2 
P%3ZOX
[YN%F&
M!GYLQ_$/_MFZI

M%CP8NE1KJ*@7&@G!(6R4(^P 
%D99
-+MR\@*2



M%ZRMH
MKJ:G=CQ7''0

M#B-$F+D'4F$K]KPFSD0IT_1\*# D.(FS;7)H2-&W



MO@. ?
@]&05'CQA;N^!:$T_0EMJ) )& :XAU&)/2J)1E($RFB]J6'U@R)E
M3DNOY&.$F 





GMQTD7

%D6YO.&6JCARS(F@UCW.\?5#8F)STPR
M&RQHCJVR$%C(L7)VGR\(<53_ST1G)F.D-A@2$YU)KO-Y:F4!H#!8(DA^RE3
M0*





MT



MWG^IZW&'5W\LMX? MP;ZA[*Z*E]MC-G^YH)[2#5$%AHL KV$@WP/! S+0HP@


RF1Z5+.\J



V%\F'SU-H+ZKDQT$E)Y+;5-Z$ ,R@F#LP=F<.^_W?[:%SKIQ56^0HXPX:
MKFQ=-P7;1UB(E^&'&83@AA7OP7#;6)AE'V

99_)WOO23

\8FB'LDD-A@2/:76N0PVX(IA


MW2['.!+QE$)(ZH*Q!RR%S-:Y4@+L/QGI9=31H[%5M6%Y



:8^HQ@+3





M$M;G=BEW:;('GU[KFZ=M!.S_]DM4\\M/^C9/#:D\P4(1)8Q&V .745ZUGZ]&
M+B:=08KC/$(

=]


!QV56(








M8&4EP^U&*.3
;+4\0E[*?Y\$GLN4





WG&!J


L^G:[IX2!2QX'@_&]P

M#.(T%=Q@*O[9PN 

B)




M1H


BJ:640[ !J!9
M@I%.-&)(1*\U^K4W.R=#(_/ N5JNBW
\*/JU#

2YE8YHBXPWTC+VQ4%N*4YC!4*7\UA;#0D2J9_#<KAU]P:141J^P[!
MI0A/JMMEP_L#7#J6HPCV[(#\+BZM&S UH*D2E@:.+<..TD;\3S6;/ZV;1Y;
(&Z-NCGA(S,Z5'9W<H($7XW1_4WF[?
MU]O/RYNZPSQ[Z?'**^U,RG+C+A[IO$5-DK+*799(1A35TD<QSH; 8YR'*=N



7:RP]7

MFFNE6VV2-JL([&3Y0^


S99-!D+9R[A^TFN9+JV^-+YK=G*A%2]S6
.(T3LM:G
MTN[-C+C





M9;5S-AY@HH$
6*$FR]SZN



$V)0CAHCYUD 5RPX(
:F8$-LC%K=#$
/^Q0676D,(
M6*4FEEU;R'QONK#!CCAP%FMCD0*)TM*_%XQY9PI9P'DW7;U)Z7/3=1X0<[WI
M^EFT.-FN1/:71U2$&1-$











MO;V/

2^[R@


Q* IXN0F(\_9@
H@(Z4J;5





D'FGA9;2)
?!,?OX,&\5T@IP()2!$2 :'<]JU!6PXH+Q(?E













_!0 H!&6B+R\A\G6A0OK








MR:R;J9)U77








M?HXP/@B56=_0.!+ F7B$

$C1](W81I19/!9Q2
OX
//)G@0'+._H1$!1=M7



ME516\I3ZG2)]M78^
-P@
MZQV?_6U2KF9



M=VQ(Q92#(!SC.DA#0E!:MQMF )WE.2]YRY6K B
!4ICMW9MH[-2U7:R2]K[_


MU;[8U[[?YD%?DPU]\H+UY2$5)H03)Q7W+.HG( ZN02A=7F:%!9;L8IC+\$B




!E6@*+_R48





Q7GG%
05$&S$I
8)%?\JG=



MEW6)4:P'Z$3^S5QT2I%[5G-(H!)Y;ZD34EHIE

M//&+^&1RVGU2).*YP9BXQTCD
&##72
&(

I+
M1BVA%%/*B0Q VT5%.N?6[O/U0/_9GHX#CX7/+
W*O1:X_1%=&:$-! 5$0P

$XG75(


JZJD&*3$3Q&'*
6.*-V)2;K)2Q
O[UX=KPY@H72IZHTL3C@^J

^0=(++/[R3*59
MZFVG&&5>2(\] _#M$B5PUIWI9)G^$Y V%)$2.?T_5PYZ+C@3_[ZJG^,_?JA9
M

M;CDUK'+!X[@:*J%-$

MS@W&W@BO#3CEO4S1/\^0(LY+)2X


]
M




 3F% 

MH




MJ2Y

MP9 )E*52



#$V
#$P
U]L



MIEKG'_



MX;T*R'.LOGR@8;RW[:N;FT7\^I&&




&()Q

MRY.DU7:=W]R1_*XH\Q7*R_:+YD/;E.L#BOHV^[S.%SY)41SZ*? $ #@4^S
M 4


T&E
MLTZ7K**)
65'J]XBXYPF:9$W$^W1\^&EQAA@1#Q'ZTW\6M9/^;*X*_(5J1ZS
MHER@
(2($MF?\SU



L!)ME\N\KJO-+_GCYWRSB&(8


M7E=ET#?^)ZSKO
'MN.J^VA1YW8VH
 R)2^


K(B$F[
ME@7FK1KGE=

M%
S'1F%1
B]3(]!.AG:*GW.9FC:G\U K WZ\S-P


L5_PO





NN]T(4ND


M_CRV-


TD7L$



M+\IUV9KHIL#ZLY)H[+HI)A%$:1!'?L2B R64@[92'_?
MIP/$I8^^J\O['

'5!@E1YG8_^*'OPAOCHL:&F
M//V&NL!CQ
4I]4C
/\:MP,DQ6V]\J2IR(MQOA3R
M&7&J1E1BYMNE=F;HX;(.7!60A2X4%.0]]ECOML.YT? BQ(O$C*8)VBI4<

MVJ/
B\A:VT]Y650;OAMIV0[35N^K)J\_%5\_5$79M'_?_EZQXDO^(6_;7]F0



YSV^MJT?]^5EWJ+QAQ.]DR3VTQ!0%+LL1 
 F^'!@(J
M=C25;0QC#U^/P.^%H/WEEWETF?



@02D95N'B


A&--6&L!
'TM!X5BV&AH:W-H*I-]:=.*B&![ZV@JLZ#I9G5V)0;#%T

!@ 83\6/B[1
HP9

GU5*]I4NAW5/D2[T]&


M=0

MU2)07'S'(E)-@34(%1'B
\Z?4&
3=$TOR4:\J
PV(G%QOBYYG:O:?/N8?ZG6


MF[R[@7VUS9U5^X]_T=+NM^D[H=J:7$^OU[H.5

M1-@/

M\X;


ME\53MKXNW^=?^=Z[]9?\EZIL'NH%@0E#
$4L\ 'P(M\-_3TFG[% 1IOL(K&L
M8

K.BL


Y#LT?RM9KB1=').G\MVW'

(



%/ST XUZ&=2








&T.Q=1H#/KDA$B%.2LZ=(*:
Q*D2^8\U$?;B\IL$Y/3

M@$Y7AC1I%1.C\1B5DR0-

MQ11X'DXB%$8
H 9-)* $GM2]2Q8UFM3LZ$*!6:M @54ZJQN)33*64:K:C4

M+]ED
M2[:P)$64I9K2S[.5I-4N9N'HFC@?U5!TF-5#F.+7C8 T%(812D 70)HA$=
MUO11%@*ID9?




M6S'$QTC/2CD 81#'7A)Y


ML?TH)B(@)I8S(%]./%5XG\G&1(7-+09#

M1SZDR$
E^5J[PN[DM^,<RNRAC%8%A'+$P#&(0N)'G@GUVZ892

2FF K9)E).?\QP:$6/WB#JC!+I
MT#H/#=+RH#+7R R.-=_M+\@&*6.!R_PPC8(@ 1%&+-P9;]4/8V-C2W&3EM5)



]-_K3].:E\9I@2%3WZ
MMVW1?-N?7.D#GT8^Q@!$?A*T&29S$QBXB #?A= %@N^9Y%/MO50]D
D.?GW.
#BCXJ$S4
75
&_7.VMPX&T
M+AQ&&91A-XIH^T?@4D A\ #;&?)/P%*VB#^^/'T0;F@H4*:I%#8X4M9+8K

-H4^QK
MV)%+3M6MY5L^6\M7]&OY?ECS@?25,QS;L]SYYC0'Y^2$;Y)8BRGGW,,L)[W'
M$3ZS6K,OE1PB/+CE'/GE'!SKJBA\ZV_KW+@R;B$Z9_J!*=O/#J221FHYO-F
M6NG*2'[7]JDKE)?M%\T'_N





0_AM^[ERY

MZP[B  5I3#T$74 3D&**]P.?@!&IP_CT+%F6V0&3

M%&7.[O;0MT@Y5RHV0N8\A

$H38D7!-1C(8Y0['MX

MPK) #

M+
$;DTPYP9;GT4KJ=X&@
\F@*6KGD1X:\Z:RTP#E](HWIYN[9[9W*6L:1FX0






MV#8

M6J#$




EWFK



(H

_].3N-AL-E67-&QSAKV8'\\?/'*=S[(QS[(WS^=NS

ZILCV.V)VG348&#05@






M2 G^ @4GBO&FB)N^+&_

 '%&=U#8U
M3!(U

MU;

1K





M9
CS

2QY[8&

P*)EMJI!G
MZ5*QM\DYEXCJ\CD/1=-WX]7=8$9X$9]+JY9_O:[K;;XBW75D'_)-4:TZ*:QQ

L2)*[J%2]/
*%4&]&J(VK[^_%) #E%\
Y(NH^=%=V0R58;Z
^%1

YR&V51.G3?\5*[ZJ'R/ZP9'P 6_^+UM:O\]R\


C[
M)1_*9_J:B
?E+F/:4


MX$:$!&S?];H
<M


M$B5]O79A619/Z_+5C7;K;[VN9!'5'MZP^
MBS&FJV.%3TQW9Q@Y.5T^[$3L/3@ISU=.ZX:#C@
[O7J;H?^

W#^T
M/23\DF^R^[S[(6F[3)85FS]GZVV^P$F

C:S(8A(9


X1V.ZEW
M[NUM5A+D\5PMT48XYC'\L./:6]N.[/ G?/H;E\KJS8'(#=W?\DV74UOX:9)
M*]N, !\D






G



RU'/#/%

L*P2%=\=7#
M.U0*EYDK
78YD;1-EIQ03



]&JJ![\RU$ D-MYG



M/MJRG'9H-)(O6:+$4B^+'


4M?\-LR L@
)+KE4-6%8)CLOI@6DN(E9F



J

TFE3.0VETG:B

M6]A\/T%2M2:5Y]NNWQ^= 
)!.1TJY7-2)'@3DQ?;E$G6[R79LGQHRIZ2
Z*B
M0^ \%$7+@Y
'J*BR(5*8^J4HB\?MX_N*CZJS]9^K=3O(KG_)ZGKANXAZ&/G




WE[;$JNF


KX;!?&PCQ A @OP-0T


I1!!'
(?VWOE#&Y=.4=+



B+%J@'63Z]2DOZWPX#0F$A/@1A
Q')/4A(#Y.

[EFWW

7

JAW-


M$4#!HLSOLR9?W=KI*HU@%)+0M)?05^Z(]X[9UU;URORN:)P?\CY'^J.]SM%
M]

=25&6T)WU^W9=9]C2[*0AS&
FM;P5Y6] S\.?XT=SM5
M
W#D;%N2'




_!@3DD0  8\

@M)RY

MYKBJFQIO\E71G%LK0[TD#7U(

M'=X6KIP/_-N[

M#AVM
M


M4\_?YB-_ZJ.OK]LG55^Z3[2@Z=U=OFP609RP-/))VF89#

M]Z
!_H?KKPVO




M[K

MWV
 1R&(W9# . Z2 %Z'YTBB*ICF42\-


LH%^-U$*
&GQIRE#('!#


M'0
R;'*^*0\7U;]U\OZA&H% &+N

!


AC-V366D#

^D(YM;

H0(/M*
#&
M;D
5MSA]/V2C[B?!N'X?88=LXZH_QQJ;;M%

6

MI+R#?^OE_JV#ZW\3@?X].ML/0!B4CH1]W(Z:I!V*RHJ3N(9;40B7GHIPW'


M/@AUR-((=9/5
0X#Y+&4! 





WNE9LCT;PM\[_E_W

N0+Y6-)BBG66A;




;9/G.V5LA[:K[;+;+U86C]EZD
6X

M/)1(VXO*;!


T#N/!3

;OANU8TD(L8MBEWC8

W%?Q=1 B:V9J($:
M]E?S:^H



G2S0:G1/;$?SN'
'C)E 'UE0R
M* 7.YR%=1CT2S:&4V=*6M)\W55TO L1'J*0=I/I)2D/B10#MC&)(4G?15$VV
MUE0S
5-20K9'I? :/NU?P_SP&MYSC(843I!:37$SSZI17?OY+*'C*EJ'147








'O$
MJ-T+)DB0R%U?SUQ[0Q#5W9_^CBY%W)5NX.7R+;ALF\!VG37YBN1/FWQ9=(VA
M_7J=]T?&K.!CM6F*OW??/SF&7:1N&A(2N@3%+@
LBEQWF/0DL 6\*/-[;N56





LF;&'V*JJC __Q5
M4<4I554YDQ\_?)ZW0/8G5?2YIW
YTMQ B]&7AH'+ D&
P0@R?7*D@^WO:JO
LC:1KCP:'(ARY*2$0]E/H

69U^(#?\K =L
M;B0GR;[^8

+?DF



M6998^



YCZ 4I$7TP3MBR^E@
\
M/J;8 W0&A)


(

1G@1K*/8HDJR;+-CIU3RC(=SY1$UPN:A
M$*K@7Y9!=#B0TX6=]NQM(9Q& 4X3/P:MZ+AQ@E@XV H1D#H;4,V[1F@'HZ3


M9!

OR
V I9)=#R[$CIC#6B)%3E#V




HDY?-0
*



M5YF69
#

+C]W
LH2#%\WB!
MS+@B=2RA%#^BK]?/5;7ZO5BOV^&+GZ(0 A11GV(?8I?NBZO0BX'
JR3\4
NO

/E4BE$@=/*-J
MP[*8[4[M[7$Y1\#D]$R903$)&X
\.=62Y\V*1IT@YHPLZ5(Y#R72]J(RV\ D
MC[XZ5$'?M_[NZAXH#0//@W[
/)AX44R2).AM(9]03VJ-B)H%RUK3%_]5BI2*


ME$:0P0 /Y@&D4CMTC!FUG#\



Y#OPSX\7K;I!%F

6
M'-N



AWAL



8
BB5*8\
S;+Z]1Y(;I(;.SIBTCCCP
BI

.[
KQKES7=;)M\U!MBK_G*Z?F&E;_

6\ROC2)9INRS1MJ
MN%QN'[?KK

MZ=
7!D/= J=6/Y\V^0-?FODEO^XVM;RK:GY/Q
W=;?9U02(4(8\F012F'HX0

123.;Q!EOS

AXAX .Z7=H3M-V6R ^F'6^[^WQM9$BQ/F9BD


[


M*[7




SJVCO22)_B
Z-H-V#R4V+*/
MKT\$L\ZHCF97CUE1+KPH8GY

M2TW66X)@7[E#J\HM3+45P;;!\C@ZS9&W.EW-6IUW])H39=EX?9=:+.VDG@2K
T5 F%??2/[ZBM&MSW]-<[T
MF K




0)LBG*$881R1MQPJBJF/:K#UQ



<%;#3&Y.3J+;*<WWI8@AV!'FNK:KGE[T'&=UA/S]XS


M39F]NIP)ZZ^(W&HIK^J7(HH\&G'3VBP ::F5V$33E1&6X^X$G=;!D]DVSNC
M/@M0Y %^DC@

G!!W@Q1.+_(FG:FL-#/#Y=]W19E?-_EC

H W.\3@?8=U8(@&ZL%VN+=2


M7-!Y[-_A0C:;-DRZF%.R+:21E[OK@_A/_8TRP_:+&BCD+
G1%&L\S/0Q
-

_U@H\-XXHC6C*0H_%O@_C8=(.4@BD3H$Q:==R
M%GGJO;QRCBXE/

*06
MD#B1/Y0V8QE;3Q=N7TV)S?=G]SD$Z'4OI$0'56Q11P)$+E!$^72TL+UT\Q






AC\:ADB9(

C]]!Z Q-F5FVLPSJ#.MUJ'IU(.?

M9;4]'@(2E+AMGA.T$A; * & PJ2KQX0^]E  !%\00];LO31[@-V.]P-$9\ X


M+G*T$!'!6LI
@B%97SE:!GE98@_8G=\FF^W1(%IHJ:2]\
U#F4?Q].1B2MOL

7LK0;

M+0
B\6HR%7[.R\L(U



$()IFZ:921
G5H%5$B<_[?T*5#9$VO4*;<J0T/J#$E?NW:EELCRP@D)(T
M!.

M:W

M+(


]^



J1NX*




M6P SE*(L)
 ')/


29ZF3

B%9R'5D-3Y8UN?6@LRE&U$T@BC% /O!(3 GH\234
MQ:+UGG91C#CG&YY:_# \M6A^&CAW

;7*\V$Q?[#N2G^78HUZR*VI^SXU]SI_*:L=[^O6WL?TLB%UDH0_






MLS##)ES@:OPSKD7=;AD7B3T^&W*5

]




L)TWA$JRJ5*L=6


OIXKMB7:7T

K:]O$:JFL5JA

/)Z2FF,
M'5%)NMZN\SN)?4LFA\3W0J:'<0H3F.(T[D_=?2_(IJ#3=NV+%T'N'_;G#@(
M4#ET
1X!


M][T6,]#.4TVP*:H+M]6RW7^N*S^-:SPXQ3C*



M)RK






DS&F 208C=*0A W@.@

MH/J4A!ZGRI

:.V8R?L;KMV JF0(J;TY:5\:<%3.76PM-
MCW&R?

M= ?DXKGBO\@/P*;+JBKQ'#^16@[E+'+G
#BHP+B8?;;\
6(C)4B-H?+SY40=
M

2]-0#)9_E
%
M;#D+=B\6U$?]P2?














M:BSN7AB.WVS.%+H#$4(IFS$80 R+\4) -%PCR]P43JKPP0QR*-4\_BY%TG
MKC

M
 Y][*$H\H



M+IE&C=B(2Z:KH0/OU=G+*Y
G)A-!
K]J


MX
^9-10X'0?-/VP/[^#$K7X-CK7QMRVG&6:SV-0T-L+FE

M\_]8'(WU?KK!B$[[_DV]( %!418EF*:I8!F+ND? R2+)RLJ90


X3;/
M#--RNRJ6F^OM75D]-GF*%/5J4];[*H=?ZUVU7.T6@#!K$?33($T!=G&*2==%

OJ(5_O-_G-'5[6
H<HB2GLQ8#9$5]

7N/E


[7%KZS8OCE









84=@3LYY52@S8H2ODW

M#2D?E\5V$:0@S((L1ID;!@Y(4S3WEP84:F&1\I&IE;%IJVWHC2J*HX%A@T








@^%
(RS
MT$\(0CV8!
X

M1RXQV(F



LM7'];
GIN
MRR_Y9L/FV2GUB
_&$
)A$N  03\



5B^JT1@[Z4-D:K6NIHEP&?\V_EYAN;_7\H



MC')OG-:=KJ&E]K&!C: JGR)
'$\3APH60CG6.8
\^W+'#A:C.Z_=LI%\OGPH

MY)


]=-_3C#_K!A


9GX:0^@A?Y!A]AMRG6#



M.WX)B88@(30-$4Z)ER28AE[20Z*NI]C?R0*0$15_0'^L'LV3BB\]
*CW-B(G

M)/@60S@WQ;?IZDG)M\ZOO.:3O*TA85BZ3=
7FZ6O




F7#JIB



M




$D8=-GK,X !T0#(LU*G8HGG[XAI;

M2
*
^@$
W)1Z/1 $:69'587-VU?5Q):JBE-L6E6ML&M=57D)X*Q5M:?5B*I*

^R9@54[ZWNBX

TSX/
3.M%.EU4%J5.IXF]K.O@\A1'Y& @#=A *4


M%?D3$R+[U





;Z9Y293P-F6=\1C%


MPV-8


M[P2_^G 4]W^5J%-2&_.LZ2G-1/N\;Y BKC!R'
Y2721=.*\L*GR(J@K]SF\T
O/+?L)
MI'Q<%ML%2;$+(470!Y[G9_SI1+<WF@YG1%-4Y-HT97#$3I_MA@-:)(
M^K*
\6G@!
MP

MWJ!.'HVHQD:.N)'1-W


N^M8L*TT#T/FEA?@K?]OR[4T(.?$Q0+*8$HW+KYPL:5-K1:DN
G9&MLRQ
M/0\-

5P:@W

M


NQFF$5_^ TA#3%T@=2HI_E
MZ\T
M1+(-BC@K8DIBAQ YX;C




ME.% 4PNG/7
[78!OM\?U@9(S8J%#X#Q$0\N#4WVJE=D0%1$V*3FRD8(PSMB



716F (^22 #0@
M 0X3ETJM74:&9GO#Y+@+*/?G;U^Y0_T3%D[CTE77H*_SZLH9_'*.'.O*R1WN
MF]

ML3Z6VV]YO6


G\\(('

M5-!+ X0]#P=I&+'_FP4]J@R$BHF CM81LP$1PXX[2,W+UQXM:%@+AE8J)L


\]L(I]SL)T=%-%&/%
M52Q?S#D<FECO&A:R1UF^#^30D8.\#PRR=A.EY-^5.)5B+?5<ML5KN154:Z[

M.)









Z9*7R!7
M7JA-16O66FW


M*B0M:2LM/W@E7D!P\.[H-.^T^!3\Y+UWTNF][(^:^
;IP=/^7TG6A$PU-
02



'9%



7$
MA5D4@B3+@D'[/Q5]JMC9RHU:N&9T-10C44R0*7AC3I$HWCJ5*+1%:7))F=


ALG[.

Z.M]8RIZ)70QC

I7M





MRIG.JF2]N%B-H

&#UX;%!'Y(X\R
<_*''H__Q$/WZA7QSXD3@WMW^GGQW\Q^?/
M]..M\^$:HNL/U[?7](OX_1@;03BOC#/@7TXC.[!]0];VAFGW6FL+V#E[/PI





M
R0R






M=I]GS-$C!/S)=Y3$

MR2J7





T'B

R^F09P@D&5Q!CP$HMY^& $BNA-IUNIT*OL2L-
C%M]I
M





P^[O3TV
9=ZQ%7=RC0ZH_1HH@:5



MJF2E)9)

M7
EIYX\TJ;QKHLB7Q/





MDD2)AP


MA$'HAL.I#L;C[BK_&S+4OBR?EBQ+%N4ILN:)LA.4U\55RM6;PNRI)BG;H%



^J-K[B9]R




M


M+)B+5POFKU7Y+_:9K/.GLBY$BPG

M?WM%!U5.Q(P0*J9A8W


CL/_3+J46EO'
JI5U.(
MV7VO;\S]2!)!D)(D1:F;!:GK)Z!?J +(0
@(EZ8IRYK5H)
3*EWNQ#1J1-KD
MY*FMH^ZU_@C:1&O#\T2=T2I##
]#IDPY4UH9A4IKQ#?L^2Z*V'0N!&Z
B.\%




TB9?5^/$X5]=P+;HMJ_-9_H34UTP$YJ:N

 =^KYJW)D$M\SP_[Z6N$42Q48V+)])A*

MU$$VJ+.& B(KM./'0EUIC83!LM(*\2DDM68C



=_A9?WPJ7LT SWS




M]B_-3FJQ_=490!\W3?NSQSVRL




^\6'N^JRY?^
MN^5WV89[VFR*3K;'(U)VGMUQV&V?
&Q.!\[YI8/WZ]B3[+-DG9U?FZ%Y+E-K
M0][\

MJ=UL-1
C3)5;0'P*L&RN)TKN

C5
&_?DU2


MV1'ZM+V*_@!DO07\0+;)-_%P27OPXU




M(18=U
G%;XDY=0^%JU7<7RHMO_
KW(O1A%KNI
BHTHG8S!<23N)&NM$FQJ:IIQADT*68B9(XD8D=0I-1+A=^YRI:2+Q?U


M:DQI'*



M:VFB-5;-B^)1AX##X?Z+AQP9^%G(Y!NDRNND3F1F+91:CHDII3YWYAMY+2)(


Z'(LT
M-KE,Q!LIQ##T[<P



^4,1.[A=<SA/_*\L2$RCR*=QE* L\X ?!BGL ;C4':[4
M\JE.<
*LVC9_8FVNJ^Y.; N=OM*=C/7)
VNC@ROVKV#_^M2N=#J;3X[QJ
M7K+9735G8 /8D;51F
1SXF@^$C-11PN.O99'6]PIZR/:U\4VK^N\_ICO;N[X


5



#Q




MLS2)*0X]/QUN+8.(J%P:-@UAG-7 6U/3]K*KXD)_G/ H+@_&(FQ%8)6&,99
M)9SG4V:A8@R

M7)L=-4AB0CR#^

^)L.5KST&C;3KY^[WT
3M5O8)S.&;%+
M7#=S Y*X*


TT


M['P
I8B0AFR&[KL
0N@2 C+((/5 6#P

M
M 1^+?J.B_=:V[]Q*K\\0*R_.)J(T:T$VXJ8)OC4F7'][JN]\Q\?E
=5[0L

3+Y4ZCS-@;H0;?$\O=AGSMMYK)?0BGC62Y7=Q




MZW

V!JU EG

MP_Q-7XUFTIG2RAB3$/TNXY3;EQHWF*0A=FD&W 0#G.$LBPBO4E /C9RE+;
MWDAS[*.9M;[X:W







M.?(C./7^Z:FL=NT]H*7S%_OANWS+[Q \%G7.X;$!PO[1T9:Q7H
3W=%W85%I

MTJ



M

MB3+:\N[



W


M-3S&9+C]D(MM]WI54\3#?I$+?

C


='


K^O06




Y
M11.3Z$N+35-A1#E4TQ@+])E0F4O


M76*B8I4I.3F1(LF*BKPFXXQ^*/
V#^50AU\:&C_J:M')4NICDGDTPBDF89K
M).,ZU1CR4@*DWCQ3^/'C*H;2=$2%-'G5L,7EFY


M&?U0XD)40?BDYGI;[ZJF0/=SOLX?G_@5F_:PHY&N- JBF
80

M]A A
HIBP)QEA6FNA!\@7CD'D


Q0318BHT
L=RJF2 7BM*=9FT
\IE

M&;I-*)X%IBUHWB3S
Q'BE'5/DO?WH'RR+DEIGQ)?HNKW9?60K_?\'8-F&XO/




OM
MW\O[UX:B.
4)*Y0DV\-'Z\917EJ!P&2TL?5)F[+*4C
MD8GII/R):ZH(_FIJDJ_(G(ZML.GQ!637:FEU9=!TIC(T5N#7R]91*5USM^


<QH?V6\W9UUILG2-'G(N?M_AR;X087EY)






9QF 7! #7RJ607E0D 6IYQ
M':G;D5-7+Y9W1P+)?O/BONN5




*L.+SMD-*-NK

M&9\R\G8:I9D/SYGT


IO=L$^7UV0B

J_WOK*SN
M\H+]=XOZYJ[YU_4BRD*
PC1U




/MFGY_:JH6;DO^6_1[7JV*FK_ET$T^
M*$VH%Z8!\.(
N0$$%









M#J@27/Z91 CB!$-(DCA TA \^5XHA6(

MW#GGUAD.&3%Y&5PRDTINX2*4Y-:Z?*A[6LT?[-_[[/MZV[P \3IV'(4XQ#XF
M#


)?;(=-@6
OL')2VM^Y!J].)O7*&[YO#J
F2B(%TIFK(

MKD*0KD=$^4_WS(E&TGF*ADH!CJ;'LGQS1EVRSML/?&FS.(TG%R&2S2RN#-
MGG*Z;DCO_/8Z7!1 QCV&4 QYF.O+JSV(?C 4N4=GV3#6)]YFW8O
SDU)NJ

M5D5:947[&D8SKNW[7:NH'J9B1N

M(#693&[E\I-]Y^3Q
SVEN]LL?3.YR1B._<E,/3KKGW=UR=L
M;)CV).:#S 8UG)[<:2T6UQ\K-7D^RGFZB#6O9ZI!'+MBGGW+;W+(NKEF9ZU

+.GISIDW8/\



?Y99I_;/-&]6T


M/]'X+.ZZR'?U7V_;Y_KE^X]R7.P2ZOI1$

M.@?!SDO%YF!IOB9BY)RU''(8-5\)*PR5=?0


.%^2)
D

M(
E!__^







M1#P7@9BCT$V2.
 
 3)$Y4$2J/3$5&/9[HEUNM1Z8LK^R?7$IK!.L2?625L0
MP4Z9)= 3T[5Y4=32S^9$3\R
2V8F_58\BJ'+0PX0]A#R&*5A. 2M_XM655ZM
MMR8F]BZ&DN+4J

WQP9
Y6[LBCO9R)/M2.4MV\Y
M4
Q1B

PHD=%$8
M4#]

V8


7H9FO
*(]P7.I^#_EN2;WM4OY\P!?/U4%
MTAORUR3B7T]#-C]!L_H7F[65V7J[ FY$,8L]Z,78Q31FGL\&:22A4L^#)Q$T
MS3.1%] W#W;]LI@#_*05L07Z=YZ^M#]WG,B@7^I!IK@-U;BGZ<!





M ?4#EX




RSB$;IT]GR;
V@N70)+_IHO\\S8+QS!7:##ON
MFVQ0/N6[GH(WV[1?0_HE+:MBWU RV]W7HXKBOI$8N*Z/$4Z YP5)Q
((^X-$

T2[%MM4UFZSQ;^R1:







G2;(_NE3R?/8Y+P$QU/\DU9=K&B8M





0@4MTM(P$G

QVM9GDUDLRK65!VVS+;3K@DASH#I2R.=B91.




2ARQV(?4X'E[DYHR[4KN39J=J9._HS0
M8$'-=E8GK:5I8/]TSPN%;3?0 S96V:6U!E.EK=B#-NR[1@_[$/-+=O]0-=/C
MM]MU]G@T/TY=QBD+8]^OV[C0)20*AED1GL2NXK2$206SM!7'3ZI:Y=U#JE:[


M;55
@=3
C\+'6V9YI\@9)EMHZ=BFAAL+?LE1TY)JZS0\*TA9]FX=XR.*63







KBOP(-OO/(C?R79;X410



T


MPD[UH.(R78Y4ZW7\=8J@-B2;R']K8%^$]7JCK(E*H#:N
EP*U2'0:8\D!CT&
MC%[F


MC&R



O



YX1J]OR.M5\ZAM=C%=C%*MCN!8K8*=9!-%J8
M97#46G:GNY467-0CZJ]YOODSVVYK 1]V57VI9S?;[DS'\O6_5Q[QXIA'E+$D

26
)4:2;;
M*-B2*6TE7R%NVW-:C^3'JR 3'R0 1@1Z/*C[Y\AUHW%;C1@DH3ZI9:)9GRF0

OV4\A&BF[I3DN_Z'
7\L*NC5=UV

M

A1BK\8DDIE)T YF^T%:O\ME([ 9_K8*G5ZB\WLG4O( &WV#Q; UJ;=R


0]RCES(MC/\!!2%P/#&)H& 

MLU4=

M=]-6F'D1CY
8Q:X/$IA$ 1D;A22(I4Y2-1'/


ME]7*C8.(XQ 'D
:^ASACB PQ

MUV F.6?F1

('?=*')#




XL=%OMUT6VWOZZ
MSG;-L44K/XQB@G$2(X*8Y[
) <<\Q[;#3T&O4U1[TI8LO!7-5&6;)
M4(


M9XF(&2A%1=TB+!6*VGE=9*(9YXP\VST,@JV
7
!1Y@?H)=CT=C=)\ [75R

G


2-COI^$E(1CTL
M2C1G#PVIL#V9V
ETBE%GLT-1LWE1?5V5^3;;- ^*G9M.NE




MX^W^EMTTO'7=8+N@4=*?LU'025BS1=#V6F/6H)VY7EQO-+\J%E* *,0$(H\
M'Q$,O2CBR: C B[5GW0C#[+$Z1.M'.7%]TCC4'WE7-0KCU5H%L6Y2F2MB










8ERX9.1V9.B6R
M;)+T=L%TDLU$A$]*[F@1BOU(B]NL3*^+[#8=OUGVWRW!R@.)YU(6 .:%'L1^
M3%#2:TD8!_KLTE8P%]7J
4\OW6FU'_U

?0
M2^;*TM58L1;
77
YBA#9L*




MILP_2==_!OK)IB3%/B6_1
DW1N1Y0?/]376WWPY]T7X[A-_2QYNT6
41CD.&


\.H,V4RXO VC&LLGM7(NZH]O/=S2]2VML;KZM?W2O2/<*N.O'%!,81S5%
M$8]QQ.F@P&6AU(%-)N-./]9MGF(.:IU:KM+Y)$:M5QWR3N.Z]LCWA.$SH5#

:('(;I


/9RZ;/
/#F5Z2\M



P.312@(?8Q1)C$
M$7<#A(?PU'5]@\L\Q8/.3^&#6*.K/25\-X%:2Y8;QZN VW,L_!Q5J2_^E_


MY-







MROZ[U?#Y[KK(\N)K6GS/;M-F.1BI6XNL6H7$8S3P( 084NA3YM7-@^\F21@B







M%^UIVMU1-





M\OO0G$.Q0[^
!K1
\U[GE=

ECCY


R[!'F$0!9XU(V2
M!,?1$-H-(ZD3.HP$M/V\KU7B;&LI<E TXZ88#<W4@Z9]EWY?06?SQGL17T
MB=AV!GE&75\&ZLRFE%N\2DVAK?RUR,MRE1#LLR@(D1?X.&8$D*&L%X82[T/
MHQW



)%*
J5EY

MG)W'72JY_%775FUBFG;4+!T_G?%S:A#66M2@)V/QX@$GE8PXS.0]$C\Z?-.L



 0D]?L%ETF



M[-:YZ:O7?



4.1%P N3


M?^6VX3EXQ5+^M'A73MC '+R6U_)GC+
?5;:[WV?E0[/$YO


MPP8

M7TH8  @\!#%!'J5A$O.8T2&61Q$675VN'L$RU1IA3J/








M9I6L



M

ZIQ!GM/J$Y_UTC3S\@SC=#[*=5H6
M8Z'X1.%T5JI-#I;*C+_=S;Y$_-]9@R;?W[/4!ZYZ4M)XO3'_H)NPW;5767




0-#F) %DGT(R0^?


A

_V-]2
FI\16NK?]#5T7! AP[,XEO]&ZN(N\VZ
_E8?V!KA=&

E2^:_

GEJ2%LGS@V;KBF20]PP



22MN4P)





A&I^C4'HSJG

^AS.H&R'%%V4Y0G
M4QBIQ!4%#XT1YH0I9TFC:^12B*.=QQORF'%&G$#7^YMM=LNW^;I:L1#2  '6

P)O<&G\KF6


PPIQ'0YP0N
*'@*A]NF7._.OO

MO]NFJ3\W=8V(XQ07:=JLI_J:_UE^VK?
AI!X
: H8DGL1YX4O&(&XL/(Q5




NG4
Z
.8








M1Y
 ^.


N
M9Q2F

FJ;M_E1F82Y^0:D[E-$V\8)C%/K0%0

P3OV_

1^LFT1N].K2)4V_3
;


M]
1D/
M
.DATUJ4SW&0'E8I;4!IQ6HQ54YLLARU]?ZTP3

AK5-O4.FT

WI]$*



M+^HN43M5[/EUF!CX

?!9B-PHY#X(.



RIXYEM??7($R.3LH.BG%IO/DB3O


MK_[IZ[S

J3C-

ME;#KN6:C0M/WQ%W7HHIWI/D^H+$?)LTJ4L8@C F+#^T=4ED=










MHL%/^R)

M\G98- A?L7KH$P(&2 C=(/&(?Y@





M&:$6/#






M;PEJ!;)
LD&;TXIS1G5R[-*S4HQ;D[DHQZQ3!DJ/\
S@ZIQ+9U!EQ-QE8
I



!]%;ACZ0RS




]U^
M3W^KNZ


MC-=N[&J_BS
M3YQ'(9&:L]2/-B7O7[V0-XI4Q[BBP_*4MF^N!H2E?;7.UG?M$D2GGM7+(Z-F

0$TTU'Q$(P9Q)FRL%LML

9)?LG))B1!5AL@XOFE_2R8C!2\TCL36%S6KR9HLSOM]M2IX7Z.FIR+^G

M_Z:Y1%+0S)-+)DT78PE+*(WGE-N\?/7W/^I;/[(NBN=L=]].6*QHQ'E/D,!
M$/*

]^;&3UCTJ.A#F_#](F7D-]




NX[84YQ\K$T:%AW&7@3N.9'''?LTL!N1J^B3-W&O_4
MH*OFHPAU3V9] KOZ+LW/70

M
' ]&
ZB


YXX0

MW\EWQXVTZ;@-#G(#7LU$ILX#-;?0RVTKHUL3)24C#VS C*9IF6
;*RFF$^

H9QPG' CX(BB5.DG/HHQ9QE[G
MB=#L2M[EX'1)6*.U=
V

J)JH-=SUMU
MO@_[NY9?U]NT1+O-UW9(T&T:TQP)&
R=<FM5PU56D]6!.$5J_!1$P^YZ84AXV49:GL-9/<1=X:

(AQ$H



MMQ'?
M

ZIVCF1?.3?/XT_\WFJ7?#G/2G7$


M]@


F

RJ+92J^D&
MUDN@JY3/YL;9TI5;&I4M9:DWWE9T593F'W8MQ]I8;)L]9KLV?O]\/D0!=E

TB*2V(=.+9)G


MR'C6IS/\
^/O


X5!I 9UB=?J!@DLS!!W;-4CWS0
HTL=
.



FIU!M )FC!?B

M.]8RR^U?JG)3$20OGO)B7:5]%$HX9)@P&K@$0AB%//&'*/4WA%Y]4OULR^W.
M*$=N5D':(;%Y!)OFR#4(HY+#K.HL
P:O'#DS1Z#JW3)F!935YV:N(#E ?$F_








MV)-JIFV)L$R3:_;IZX?/GQSTB3J?O_V=?7&^L&\?OK#?V*=OSO5']$ER0PE[

MRZ#'M


]F[O*B/05RR
GI

MX@$
JO'W<R&!$I*2A?269A@$:7M@P[=HP\9N9K]AWG


@FR6C#\#/P  =
M4.S@ ![TZ


P+
MAW=5O.S'FY.*

9[Z:R%^_=@J/

3
Y&N
/YPH+FZ!;?9.@?/V?8I!W6^

M*

+#^F+R;#_A7[B V@
MNXV2[
=O+TCD7+]O-DP?I[-%1$@LN?U9@L.?_A81)/EDN


MP\K5HP0]3'# V??C'50P8!63

8!0IXQ(MM9M_W; L%4.A@!GU6














BQ.E
MYV.4.XUG0,$!J513I$JW4\T(=-R.52!9).-SSAO'_<[FGA?5)NCRZ?WNQNM
MC/$J8%+G_6P1E6+XO6A6
(U\UPUB&=1BW?2V$
/9J1G0C:L2LT/2W\X89U
M[3)_K.H6










M^8--6JFX(M*A9LFPC!S  8;N+T4)=OC$1$613CZ!F8Y)

TC-*U(@


[-2;Y
M%&XR$L5$[01_
PG:&$DC&J:%VV7(EAY7*@//GNZ2C94T%P\M4V;E1MJ=15B
MWXWL),!E3@.B*]RL8 NBFJWZ3Z56;U2V?+HG;$'F/7L
1G4MKNM&FIL-X

D;41IZX94B


TX;Y+


M:5@?X0;Y=_:UX/6_L_/$O0WH)XJGF

9




M 'BRA @W)U*'$7KGSR=FW*H
 @


]Z:^W%BL6
#&0D5(99/&PUQJBAZ9V_*P3L

C:B45N*7H5]Z7:H
/JBJIRC$KN
F5%T3FQ!JSTZ]8)B6

N0!B
MG/

MCA


6R6..Q0PDZF. 8)S@ !7\PJ*##.ODYNMPLCDBOB5@L0U^-


W5ER
M%(_HL^F@+4.KC7OY^K:N25CE617
C#?

M?4'8'1_E'2YN;VG531EM4-Y^R_/RZK%J8;E)GUJ::IJO=4%_]8_[8GT/ZYQ\
M9^5\ODDIVY!]?L



MT71[T^$?5LRVS(
Y7WRM%'/+Q3R!7:+(S
3$J#3-&1WN-7CK^WSSM
TO;M.L


P=/L):Y)8Q!/;&CXI
L/#]8



M[^;K'8[3\*I#R;M-F!NV6N+\1VBYO;)1E


Z@K9\%=?B


M!%V+:8TT67Q*
P5/8CK3C44NXHBV$]R
:(PJF\M0&&4O*KW/F)BZG-B$]!X
M*\0D37R'6

MRZ=.
*<%B4)SAY1:$




IR=5H/%&Y3Q2;^0O\J1RM
M)G_NU=N%4Z!6
7%C*[1AC
+ Y+0AT$T0 CBFO5&C&\O.2JWEO(1T&^U9@D
M 

CV

7:C2PF@#
9?&]@ZPRFEP05EVS0=



B'0+Y

^/


E=@6HL;MT/7A


T$3O\1*OA

W*OE)$-NT+Q[
P# 4FHH6_G#3!0M;I;$M
MGO
-R#I 8M6(.%=\)8=1FB36L7SJ&(+C#!DI&EXS

&1@V8U%N*+)Z^!9E3='?-+J*
M[


M#%[N%- )X\@G?LL









$@P#[

[WHN\'7
-CVLT9UA1&4IP@*FKM-3%

Y_S%^JZ':J
/7MB!7J2
M-?=77=ZBY'4FW[





AEJQ^SACPYZQY8R&7MO3'A=U3-U(GN98WS^
M!&;0MVJ*9U;+@I1Q*(&/$B\
8VA'ON


6++U<7G\XQW)^Y_YE\N;X%RE(+CY_O21_(U^NSO].P/D7^CT!





Y\%[I/+'1G@/K&;MBBWK'C4';^@9V#X-A#
MT%;@1Q\/UW)Z[^FY7IF@C6VP&_FQV

MUUG94!0



MFK*E/P1+S+






MG_HL@1']G^L96$:JF


==N?X/F#4^3#:B9
M_.QQ=\L8CAK& 3KXHP

83R4(B(Y8K?OZ@\)_XMH#@R!WZ

M.MON9P^CU*&6;.);MI-83HAM8D//Q9'G!G'J\MW1I-.@P4+\^+!&!#_!+PD!

C]DZ(16



M.2BP8!I#%
70V5G&(792P3


M#7C

MR=J85)]VHE1TT#1J$R^?DKID@$IU33H#/:R9!:D'(2)&@FPN5(A$O?A(A*18

S2%%U0&?1CT2

UY=



*S2R+&@:T7(2ZD]S_71;B+8=QP2^8[0%=HZ#!K6




?/#IZJ\N\[K!YS?M'N(*X<D
M#D(A27V+$^UXHCX!ULN$A%].0N&E9R!^@O]=P^ P:+O_5X;Q&19DCX^K37/
MG)B 2I!F1 W?Y65$XM1X7(9N*?I0Z7RR!)?J9
T]+#?L/^2_GXKG;



]!#!
78?


MH
LRMSP]E_9D1
[5V)%1\\N\S8HM:Q:JLJ'/7?VUKC9/ZWVW0!+73;'CN$GL
MITY@LVNG!P1^@(FLNJO:G5[M!Z!L4N-QFW


648M.41M7#(I)8/:.)


BVO\5&0K



]/[5.V39_*S;L&


+#S:]T.*Z
$2/I4EE?



!%]-

3*+G9$NTTC;)FIP*

FT[&M
G*R3**E


M[00.-M/0MT6$2LV28:'Z_0H

74+DQ1FMK$
%M!/_6CV(V1GZ2^G3HA<;P!3N(A
M[E701D&8S@<]=K ##QC<XRO&0'7;_0ST/IR!O1?@V T!L3,:,8ZTLI1@::<

+/.




\


SKT2*='/$*


MQ;^8_&FEWH@BO X(H\FHK$,K33B667^61934;C=5M^86%,HN'JZ:6^?MG]
MKI[*MKG
V'ZXL\,FNI

IO+4!AU-RK-3YG@_$4_\=R)




=547K&OZ .;
/'HY_
G7



D+TT7S9$D


MXZKQ83+C:HB44


#$V
#$P


MQ6
_QQ_]#-'/&/[+U^7MWWX*PLV6)?K?/?FO7^
/7CW_)]X\#:64OVQ^NW]T

/^=U/\?]___#F





V7XTFTR8Q2GUU8SB9






I/[

M

M^#2/_\ZCW[Q:C


MC/Q6A8_NO.]TKEW[(ZSZU57MISD)=KLX:G;K9JO)ZMN;V=U\\;C9DE^=V[P
M%;IH;-RE%N]:6IG;=FM&T^G'IT4^NOVT

MFH__J#34H\T:'M_VWZ6\[^
-&A[3=GOCQT7KMZ4=Z

M1ZPZVBS78X-2Q66 
A[]@2?;&

OZ6




MA OB]B'\;C3M )US+VH


=\W-?%G6TVOOA1? )/CCD\_K[4P\_VT]74WR\/;YMS ;3$N?


MN

\*6*IU5Z
]





M5?7[3IB-@DX9ENJ=9()38[4!%#C//(?(6%^ $(;(_Z)&I30WYATAWR^#4N_&
4/4X7CU8*8A4Q)J




WO^5$+RBZGF.!H


0K'G%C



+

I5HG3FI%/?(:HN@$=9RR?93+808I'&)#II+

)L$#%O(U4$#R-0&S0!&H4TNXF

N3/,,(88)I19R330G-$2H4A$<'%(E,='B
MJC;@I#;& <=LH(\Q@:U.[X711B2Z ZUMP#6KH-/[;M6@N9I]-VBH%$0HCX7Q
M)$PZ0-!+$G

M;NE]MVJ ]GK?C5B




M



.LR3[_)5J77JH\TRI[47
MD%$@ !. 6P8=+(1$P5(/9F)JED$-8MK))NNVGM*W

B3NZG/CV6
 4
$)$HY
M@Q#1T0O;Z%)HFGI82)'L\2H@6$'1'B_R)]&D^) 4G&4XQ4)_A1HG4&G#
F
M
!X!XIPGG'+UC!O&B?%P#S

M3B6&0M7S

.B%-4QCY!DN*1




M@Y(H)_?N87*]FQYZ2.W0I3ZD%_&+*OE#&7(








'_.W\V5

MT]C3U&/C/5PN;L-RM8KU17SU2CYZ9@% 5 E
(
#X;BVC?8!3&[6OKMH#QN

ILO-H'(-K@XP8[O'\VXBIB88&J)QTI;B-1^Z86&'P[8);I(


M

TV


L<]6E=L4;^GZ]M70[83UZ:1


MEH$@3)[8
2A@$)!XY7$A(.-D@!=U)2BW?-Y5-3B[. E5J&$SZ!#JWRPV2-QN

M


WI2KVPEJJ4&)J5E]GJ^:YE!-
M2+O- TTP1B5:9V':#\*2X!$Y:720F[N+]J(SU*]'IZF2;3&(N:Q[5;*E6P

MNV

)A/2@K0'#4T



MPG! I$L_4]3N#G[CNCJ]CU\-I:O9QP=!%.N(=L&
\##K0 ?
3BSJK!C0-ERB






M+-Y._G
=U_G#XUO TK[)2PPSLYXKKX2U3%/+#8TCW#($L
:

+:#PWZJH3DC7T
MYHP3;SS7T$F&<?=8? 6J@#UL-9F;^FS^LRRKWPW'8^)QM<8+/' ![O524

&$B4Y#J0!PLFJ?3A[X7!4[CU H3_G.NNC +7XH=VX%E&\ C6BED
MN'14N65):  3S.3N
[?P\-ZU_;AM*C%B[I]B\F7P)8O^?)_KT?3R=WF^K/E

#M!SB'7Y=!;3DP%C-)B)<8:<;U#E1K,6I]0;P_84O_/I8.%7OA
MK^4D^NE?Q;EN,XF9((I![;&6X1^%]H<)K)J];IH_V1_IPJ\

M+W 15ZDHB
DQ+
MR^3V+H?-#1$;* V!G:6Y='I2U_/'%34P<6*:VRJ@AR\J:5<;8W+5IYPS L;


'652BM


*B4-2Q3L3C7X&



M*J4D$H2&J1)9Z PNQNBQ3KQ

)K/[Y5F#
2P!X?P
M4K:/S%.MD=$88!70TUA88YXMH$B
4'IX\TTSLTE+N'91H_3@?O]9)IUJE@FG
M%#0(6X0$LUX8+'@A)-*I1L]=$6:#6(:Q+3+Y;.W:06//20 .J1\\,H5% $D
M) N!) :=I:]=W4)9*H1=+,]/ODQN\]GM*2KLG\E4+.L$-(KS*_%6Q(H[Q?!
M80/:SJVANN^7VA/1Z\(@5+@9Z\?;F[BE6$##+ 


OR+RV*LFPO1*:$2*[YU^&&)T%%


V?*N
2F2]LT0*;;$O
MQ#8AX!W


^
W?6:G#N0


M!FE96@;W(NMGFVW&2@MBFQ:9 $IH#G$2E$MI.+['4Z&=*JS)0?)FV:Q[&(O
M-^F^20TT :B8 6IQ-(R;0J'DPGF4_UO




MP7Z*QA01X;G1(88



^(!*F=77YIF21-6@
M[&29HTX1

[I-L^




M5P_QDI
O^4[^$W0NU3[S!D@%+0^^#)%6 


@E:_W8TFBR\Q/7JYRI_63W$W

M4' /Y]
.X]U:$'?'%1
376+J2_CSR4S; X^'[TD$(TN4= $@8S5E2.^$TE:D

!



1AU5EWH).
6B$H1UIH[4&
SQ M-H6U

;DVA'ZOTC@;2=_

M%#*\M
V*\%Z.7]LTE8;2A$]TED%GM2(4&DH51

^WYF!.

M*
E3?.04^TIWDEGN&
..


(C*2 IW61$22J$I0I0Q0E4GM)G,T]D8@#0
MPV6VCMRZEA5P2NW6:UI9+(]W5




(+V&QE5-N_K]A3QAARRF*FC7.:2@$+&JRF/[X5R?*%UBN9UT*O%_V8V

@6$L)P!K8)'RPDU?G_OBS%.



D9#Q6 A% (Z-4CL
2\2
M%'K@W&=-(+M89)@O5S=WF_%]G$]/%?;X[LD

JK7










M4V71V9RI]H1[
PLC7)?)D#WP=$8@U08Q; 1V3DM&($%6,3YQ!+XU_,UEE;K
M@:^Q'I:=+%)&O;P)']G7$)O/8S6M@/-VC77[[S/YQ^4ZR#Q%V)F+-=6.0^4



MGF3*P8)V'_/99+[X?;:

M
9.:

M&6VM
%03I8$M1*

\E32R&V7L_N3ZAVH*XBPA\.EHN;^[^


M$=9G8[? =\#18Z7Z3Y#O6).
&0RN@TJ.GO*\@V@^Z%J%-JP_MTPTQ@
M+\*<Z;GQD  @@[B@$%1[,IS=A?JJ+L&=9&K[S3\K_7T6_@A^A3G^! _!;!/
M[B


MS90.





ZAH9EEJR
MIW\



M0Z7&D*WNAQ]Z]8=\]%R+^'UP#@\9G/*-




X1@HJN+FR

0#)5&*




'!
KR?4

#ICR'Z/%)'X.
2'YC 'Y_M$
4\J$



YG(6R?GXE\#SZ?&:
8Y1P8(:RU
M.&8D@D(LP8P:%$62=?J]$6\ RD[\@^WH?I\MG_+Q)%CS\T'MT38912S$: 1H


MXV!R+4&V$$4Y-:2K



G8;!KNQK4<_



MU0AB!V28XCUWQ1@UIXG$X 




F$KF#OW(K]/AL]SA=ASLUO]_4#%_GC





M !.$&!&$\5 O7DW@2:.;[]5@[QL[6UJRIEC'ZR(])%PZ#X31(.X+0HF#G:=X

Q'SR95'?MBC;YNZ-A MY]

 -)H(*)Q! KOX?2+HN 



#H+C:Y6KE/6'*&D:4TU *


M@CTP9C%FFC

D;
(
 .A$L89Y8GF


&
M*17
#GARR7L)@3$AGM $& L4F9[?4H$@WH,T%M4P(;ZEY
6 WI;C9EBN)S

MAYT*HCA J4!&.&4D%84X%++AY'$WH-&SM\]5 _

M0X.1&
[=A$W.

MCEN,=7.[)TJATEB6D_O9X6:6F\$S ZF!A/PGZR*8N5G?(8?'\ZH1] )SG@





MY3?03G62



MVB;#)HAFG0?
J%1K#)HN.4$#2F;J0%]GCL+4 W+*S@+@*&5CI,8+%%GM%04XZU DCC $F\E
MZR$YTE5Y_BQ -1 [8,5OD]GD<?UX=K/[U7-9S,2CD.,0'_-XK#O6 HQB.@


M@:)4 /!*TAS@(XP@+6$%!OOB&12HOT,2EQBQF4/*=&\$U$;S2M+=F!82$H8
M08@H[+D#N!.0'E]51[%EDQVJ@7F9S6YD'.+:&T8H1U0!Y84JQ@@H&DX





M/K+!V)@&M%R&-TFP7LWACR .
^$+4QQ@%WQX[2S9KPC:U/2K'FZ0-F]EF@#T
MZHZ .(J88PHB)CT#/

M81SMW?I84G0X_*BOT;-'0*J!V84M68]+
N.[)S-(E




MH '





RD7X]]*7:L6@M8MV


MOX:X9?EVOESFRYN9^[H*@UU/E@_1%[BY.W
0\VS;S!ML@0F?5)#-
Z$-H/OT


MC_22V2!W

^

MPMK3:BA&6HRY8.$?YH



MW*




TEM

M:)UN


IK'4T$''+8WLWT5
MQ)N[_;K+^_ERLBT]L3./95;X&GY31G$PNP(BJ;0R3)$X6Y)C*OPM0YQ62!

790%
)3!8?C6'7(P%1T.Z76NWG4






4@Q
M]!!)0@EAP!$!4$@QFPX.Y[U55R,TF@=L:F]5#OC#K101*+9?Y:GEV&^)8

MK7H:PGAX-'0M!),D3L\$?\.3&*ZN$TU3PSZH)YH23W#Y/E'PFI[$6S#HG

% =%4


Z(I?IY@4A(/\2LV@9]
M@




 %

ML33$.HLY1


53M]64[2(+4;-PW E+
M@;7$*\V4\1&0N5?9PDKP(P5)Q[I1DFZ_@]0G:A0[U4%F8/ HK;)4
&0Y


M[\1XMH)]KVQIFX;TV!?LK0\?+3 FS#W*0







M; 7T7AG12QSL59Q*RQR3P:L1UFH

F6_V@F]^5CKF[-V**.




M)PF6&$

48+420P
MXRF7T8(V+V2HUX-R\!GJE#&($$1


LQ IA)-#R#3B



@ LP;0X:_ 2Z$2'?M I38.UE[VHL =N'_G0BT;SY#U9\&*(


0+MUFBQW

 [^H4?9]BX^\6;T_,UA_S@]9C
MC:?90]!ROKC/USK?_)7GBT]?EQNUF/KM9ANN^K:A5_]\32[?U*KW/U]/]].

[6X6?SX

MT1GF%!$%%3(:4


WCDRH:CU[XN@R_GW
)ABGN[GU62Q#K^(_J':30WYM+I;
MTMV[
LFR]?1X,\FRC 2?!PNJI GB$6PT%858F,1


Q'30IH;U#WH
M;)$\;6)[D_G6@$/N$(1&
$V91YJ(8I0X1'1BHOZM'54.PW]J3T\WFV]M@#?:

6RL/C.




M)\!C*ADA K&P7J

M2&VUH$H%^

MDDGJP7ASR23*!*=?$X*@#N/'!GB$+
2S%(ZGFT1#[59.)JD':(]\B?%8]Y/U


M!.6-YATIJ($&4G$/@W


M%9.#ZJ':J\&I=X+TO/D
C;




MY7&A


M:R-B
&JY?LC@
CYY
E=?EMO%/Q6_?ZRCS $&E%GKM76:.(.UD(I1[07B!MY:
MX&!8W05Y#$'0 \R(5#$IX.



B2LSK# 6
2(;6*$P4
I*67P= 7P\P:3M



:1W8^N;BT_+[GX&SO^5Q;?DY+(O/VHL35V=..^PI(Q3!V%E+&.!5
M\970BL0%RJ WPELR&.T@FJSW=36WX



0V2]2EMIR'
M8.3

ELD(KQ'  CIP_\+%]:3U(W/\.&


MY]5X&FQTK?[*M5#K(=YS]D/XY
O^\K'K
TJ$



M\



;7SRUY


MU .S1UO2M&^
P(A(JPB(;?:8\3%_I8 (AW^



.675?CJLESDV7RG

!2^+\'SZ:_*U5CFDYQNR8/28

MG+TO R@

\].KL2-79=C)
M

:)-]=F'$L@\&YQ









+4Y-'FXG8OCGA^4JRAR&=:K_FOBZC!BI8BU'+1P!G%,?
M)K(5(9=HA&_M2.:=/H/2#D#8'PY9?F _TOOR;Q[M]@LNV!]ZBLSBXPV+$QV





M[4_S_/WD2WZI*&F#QV8!(D.





PHY(@H


2DM)
1!3PW3'$-3B*&D25\+#Y84
MS;3YFB


EYV0VT=/









Z!CT [4W@# SO3](5_-


O\9:

M+/]:?
HGZ^4BG[Y;K[='@_@OWI

P:39AT

MN!AADC*4&
L[0
/5-A%J\P9[CZFPLE\OO_VEWK?[PTXV&]8K2&@F ?'$1+
M'2%,!*)\32L;UNY;[K7-P*V!Y8TK:EJ+0*.^9IL-\
 

MN;ZFL\;8]D*6Y?U_/N9?MZO[I\DZG^[J#FYF04EV5T!G']^XCV*Z=-!4\3&9






4LX%
H9Q;XU1

6(N6U

?UZLI

T7A73(EY<G#'/F*($@.=Y@Q*'DY
MG


M(UHZ


M\I8F








*8]U[+&%+#:R@$&9
MBS[:[6SA=


73WS;49CZFU2G-!'/?8.
\E



K@V0?6S3;M;#BV]
M.7-02(J5,]H [;W@F)IRA\?3Q-VVVZCXW/9<<!V=7-G%^A!_L)OI=E=]"*N
M=@5(]8OH%B_^/N[\*3EM\/)U-_NX2$_FUG4Q^LSPH67#%L9#$]80CJHRI!@
MXXE)C&V\C4K673A%5U+

G4O;T35\-Z:'0%V\2F91X91Q &U
MBG


P0BYC4IZEI9#9A(Y'/U



F-0*
MAS_OH6@JM%=F5#J7=NEFGBC!/6!A$L 6

MP:T:3V?/5G1;J29J/4AOKB8JLYHRC@$4W  J56D% \ZE1J%,$#&---NY9JH
M]0 =?$W4L,H77D$H% GCF/K/F-K]?CZ5;4@D8OUD2M!V:?L\[KGNM59IXW
M?=J]U9)J*RAGCKLE.2\!(JEMA89XOY(E[-/0UA[8


MNT(LS6%B=9\AAMUW8$S:@+0?U^3%SL.NY?9:;3=/RU4
DSCOIYRY
1-
&JZE


+ZM;CWX;F9#E.I@KISR%G&E&$)4P!(=KESB,=< 69&JSDI[H/50
MO+D]4 0U-LX1X#Q#A#(##N(!QW3B4N-(9
D3;N5]T#K =H'7Y)[_Q@+#1/:

N


Z/?%

FB




M^0OA;91H=JOJZUE5UCVL0NW,W3A;1=FD1^NR[QDGBC&'(DA)F $+
3 2

6V;1903
*H!!!3XF4!JO1D



M.8X3.IY-P@2M'=-[$FQ#\

M
T1Q!I4M( 2(IS;C'I[I2*5.9P%]9_F0 A212CD !&L0Q_QI+!I! +*3_*
MFII]

<#
/ YPF6E!^NU@.-B9
6TPY)10H
M:#VR #E;.E*!RHF4&'5
6*KGT 3X(9Q$W4!
F'5*8JJM





M9

M&3$Z5BCQ7.&G!&*8;;KJXJLIN%?_^2273P)1!2&)2N&,/9J@1@3DH(D86C




(D&LET@Q;K 4'#I&G2P'I4R-DA^@;4OD4A^91/5T



/$V(\A;DN.9/2TH
5;&S0?9^O_

\.IX-ABXKQ6WC!-)7AV:7'BH!GBGLQ(!DT+6AQR

MBR2
TGS

4Q=:C73

8BF-4X80I1V1FC!GP&=5.,IOMRCH]- 6V@

F/I4SO8\S




V$TCV@WJ)EV*R?PU@-T\ F\


JWXV'$Z;EQ)49
MC'(:JL(3 7! .$M@\744IRI\@/LKUS




04%@P(%#(ZR5D,OBL]7++5QS!!;5UW=Q*2WA=G+OI%+Z[*
M//4:8N

SH1V'T!J.H 7D


M1IQ#$
037EG]//X]2(P/&*#)ZY




SOEX^+





M


M80
P#M-0
2*L('8\+$A3W_FDWGK@]9E74GL[LW%63. AHK*2-4*D$!U\78
ML%BPQ*.M(4:%M&
3&D/8O0-6[DW^MJNKO8\

=0



ML3Z4']E]^$46)CTG PPC:A6G$FJ-H*J$(RRVABHO

MW




MC[D31X6[XKE(%_X\U!)[19C1P'(&F8=B[_A0A(B_4L.G\HOU=ST)!BF&N.3Y
M9E?$*VCCTDE*E=LS+Q!0P:!IXN/.#Z;:\D)P)^AXVC2UH_Y3B_7V(.YS[[59
@U25F9$1=-I5<K562[6P[<6#;K/5$K$((.Z0M&'00110

*'=N
4
+&GK@[,L

MS
ZV01 A@
_ZP$Z[.UO:X(8P98',(S# CB+E&D'-'4

P8 5Y9)H2S1##@&;#&T8HW.$:Z^

M3_+M



]&6!.*H2= L00;&5P

M^

-V:7KEP++'K32AX5=KO+9X\($
.*^4B%!



M90D*YC)QB3O #F##F()[T%$?*7?/R-6CZ/D;LS 9((:@ C:6]\1

M$A?# VP -@PRMJJ-X63MO:[[.;;4/ WC.:K%# MMA!
0J*!_#KUSU.N+31N[
MRCTI]&#SA\#






MX2F9


MW++PCC@#


M:U+BS!





79



&ZHD+TTR
MP8EQ<0,\]KQ6?G-ST!/VDMY\1<G\NX?G,DWN[_OY=CI;//Z^/_<S//IY[#@

6JU]NS
8L
4!$0(#$5&M6(J!&T_:LN$6%Y7$9U1L0
&'I=7




M.N&$M5(*[HW%M)BZA18FT8P-< )KFQ:-XDWJH7Z39[K.2H2X<@YY(A@V&K/2
MG&N+4\/S!TRL=C5?XTRW'M2C.=/%0#@4F[UI%SO**&HL+!T&G!KQ.\-YFLM


:\7IYQNE:'\:&!8IE_.IW974^YO9LN6N/GJH1DE/DQ-6E@7%OG2
M:^FH+P#BV9&8@UPUAX

MR]LR!I'%UB.JN

/]_34/*[.#X=]IH\J8

Y
MP).\;MG9.?*]TM



MR6J:8 WK/C13# (/-4# :A.SJ876!4#&HL20AP$6.^W6(':



82$1




MK$002%H\(M/1LJN9F$/G'BQ'_ QT'?V[

M#8
YIIS$B.%B



AF8UMTHM&:F&DK+\F
M9DHUM@#5X0X&LTD4#J48D4'/K$0=((4255GHYAI.Q0O+V:*&0($'/D4/!








MMW&)9#M )UTB23PB3$MAI:)! XFHLVIY)60^Q0(=:+.F1+(=E)
OD2P.)&B)
M$%=





 09\II)69DF$.W6V2R_3!O8/RG
ML51^C#K??LL+@?;7)RQ6Y34*S^R+\Q;

$))1DFT6'R 4#E(2)-$
M?V*R?71E\T^]-'-XOG3B[I\N_RVOZK\)0:V'R0C E$9G 7.$0'G@X0J0.2
M+Y::X 4LPRZ0G2$^C27QB%GA;^]6F^]YF?KMQXK\^4NRHI(Z*&=
L%8'PT!2
M7 )(P9V29G@Q2VC+XO]:&0,2K^__WHRU/OR QD!J5GT'6EP%&):!JQ1?*
M)]X.\$K6@:F6@JZ8]#FMVVT8MO09O] AHMKKYF*Z&@D./C 534?L#&S+B?J
M+)B7 N48'/GUFLDVA/GUZ2Q@[)4G3E@FK4=Q_125C\ZB*]6W23:!&W4Z(]'9
M\([!J.A&MZ%0_'@F&:/@HCP09PG7$.U*4@$&D
?9^_[8;NYR[?W

T]Y%1NTBLPGY=D'/1HU



M /V3+QWMLX+\S][@S3I^]_WMO@/$\SOCZX/\#0;)@F*6
&RPU
(1JHPR5:!%
M$Y^X?%U.D+\+!O4.^Q@'



%^9K6;SPT9 [.T
M8^ GPM;BC.N^Q^I-'G]X]MKY\W9I



M'%FP&A,-?2VE8:)#J6?++J

M1CPE@EH$2GBOHFU/;678


M2 HS98G%@BKBD2H%HPHEQFFGS)=TW1YCRSF(CD*5VI+#8X]$2]U8:0R15BH'






VV-1PJ
M
10@B.2

:*M(AE.]PG

#&.@A&;
1!)K7[XG&)ZX6TW0


MVF+
R(
M8G1_PH/&30-JFWQ==E8.*Q4)RU2PBAH.PECI*N$%FW-$L2-6I&7EVN$^1+2I




M[*;.*ELNUPP9^7I




MV DA*;%


FQ/?BP04EM9 !X_BB

!.H-U


A^;:@#2]8?[


\?K8DSZ<<K .-UB93VX$YZ?*+Z )2
M!YJ#5(IJ)@+QXB!*Q(O/Y_!5][PX#\H)Q W'2+%K*@
1GFIF8PP^2!85+@

M2(6+RXN(\#0(QP2IUFV:VN-V@B3I2E]-4NSM0)W 9MAU$HUK!L%B&5&5E@@6
M I8E -[AQ!CSY2;1^MKHDB'O/[S\-E_L\O=_KI8W^S%V=G
;/UJ&SGY[6&P7
MZS@%6X:
7UP+&W[5B0APPB@9=QXCAZ4S2E






^4KZ_M9KW'(?XBFM!_1=4\PZ[EU=?G?T6F@Y76




MG*W-FE1S.RBG7YQ2W%N

.!?
]NYL93==
M?UAL[[\?L26.?#+CEB%L/6;

[6[E%3X.AG
M

$*W@;P






*YQ/ NGQZ_NMH)



M#O6AY!


MG
0'L8)2)O'LZY3+M

M:(7$I$%444RXX:[



M:?CBLYE#FDNN/;

MRMA:H$*R-+9



]2\
=ZFU\5D^KZ


MH\;O;[[;N

(: T6HJ/
/GC!2 N;IK);5_LB4;*MVI)9)\OA37GRN+R+_
GKFG%3Q7\(M




M6'
U;2*?IY8IYC0?2[CGE+D
F&*B 7%/E
'$!@;[-+-11A(8Z?*N\?+VBY



^FC78@L05)Z8^
\-427@@:3NB=.
M
V2!@:*!6,NDY=6&(9(/_TUPK1N7?<F(
M3XJ \5OS[BA8C1:W&,-XQ#L0YRDV2C%?;3&,BL2KTR:8.AB=A*F83XF&16X
M


M)$X9)P.2@7L +ZHIB6EB7Y()GK



MN3;


M8GSAO6NJ!HX\D3FE$!0GOCBWSGGN:# 'T504;C[W

.M.T/[3ZW)$*T/'[;










*Z[

M)%XB-N'


M+!8*!2C%\Q 2]Z



)5H%1 R&4@

'[?&U?#B



MPLU^X1ZI%/7%'^X32K.I1J5*^ZB!:

MYS/J2]6;TAM6H[9#^N*K48.CUG%J@L04HL%&S9.XF//YM'0]6]^MJU';0=L^

$\)

;0Q4GGC=A
VV]O%F_67
MXC_[J=[B[I6&(V4(:84]\.(8C )CT#.# ^'4XQ\37%)[(6:_:(\;&_IA5LWL
MI#*CC@(#3@+#RF'/)3Q&AZDB4O&Z%/S\8D
?(VO

M\'5Y=YP9]0]E$E.!A(Z3#!@A8'&T/


8&

RFU
MM2(X3)0
07A%I?2.?FTR2K5TUO.D7YH@JF@@%DL*!J*C3:) L&KFZ1E=
M!S/8/MD-TA=?



$M[Y^IM(Y8%YH

K 5.YTA\TF037Y*G*V<2YL%#]M;X^?C*/D


M_&;[TFW&O7Y?IC%(I8DA')R-%B\3!I6P$H
3@UP3= @FS_Q4G5P8U3]L-W?Y





0_:@/B^\U31H&?8]
^
$YQ!6U0)M'N
M)_\DJ(=4RW097W\*Y\,VOULLK_W?=_EZE\?/[XVX06LU&K]/9@R)NO*8(TB

+]_\1!/8?^5%9^@HW+=\N[C)_]CE7QY6;Y=?3IG^YPR;


2]IX0.R?#K;3KEK4 SNT<'AZ XCLY3
M(-YJ(YS7AU.@42-:U%DR_0@ZYCTZR/HH/)($QW53<D-\24@H.5\;C7IAA;G


MK0Z&(U?@AZ118(FV\#3U-)YUN\-V^F[=M+H=M$/T_T6@G35&(H 8PY-ZQ\


MVI\]H/

MV
Z&5X.9-OVA/RX!6][7W7*DC&FAL#!
22F\BS


D$Z$$<O9
W1K8PX%N.

(+](KSY.GQR3XU









^D3C!-T2HX.




M&G4O[1Z[5.H./TX_(SM)Z?V&VWQAX9)-


M&[GE[FJUV3UL\P;=?EJ

\8\GF(FA1-9VR.L'AI\4\R&R
M9UL)8?)U_F5YOWL2YG-4CEF]'-
Z=\B
13M5

M6/-SQ^-AM##VTO%NL2V*=_R$3N%#;^4!*.QIT(HC@-# (% D8(-9X6S?Y&




M]
G
.N==\)AY3HQVP2#M2U&PF]%M4QUH\V=^G 7E *SX$-'/&_+BE\]FQLK@
MM.'@N0)*O; 2E^)P(A
3(!/


MF!(A')+5+FZPGL_YI&$
X2&4



6I%0

8L)J-



NFAI4T&ALBDITY^9S2G]8/G8)^K#K


M (:E81_@#\K#WQ]6]\O\





MKOSJ0)LU!RK;0?EJ3D)):1T'H9QB5 




07$?-P4EG B4@
=:E2 6
:39F(M#$WDP
/%BIC3A-4%^::4X[*4:VY9
0

=([9T60

M+$- -654

M%4


S



MRB31%DG*F(Y6+F:H.

M]


JB4:M4*9JP




8OV
MNC-.
6D!*PM6&2Y+:**.$IOR3#9,#EJ)L _468NOW6\:A8C9F%E5@!$0A'


M)A@5) W(NP@UBW8(Y4A@O1\#K2,99^=#_HH7/LEUM*:;\\G1E/9%!:@4(
M:ZHEM]5*K[EZ;=V
&S.@EE_G0CT*N[KHCXT4E\$4UP@ZQ0B$Z.3;4DSCT6M+
M]'?'J'201^%2-_VQF1$(&ZP*]P@A*9'PE: N3J=7EIOOCDUGH#S2TE2U&SUO
M#SPU4$:BJT.$H#(XB212WJ(27QHX2@Q9-


M1:U?GLZ8D


M6

L&?:(!)D)3JS.+7

R(PRT/$\B T\YK81)+]$_(_


]/8:.NL1-R*HL
ST\)6
M\'B9V@[BGX1!3QH8K@BMK.;_L(DO^E27_&O1P=OEXL_E:GF_S'?O-NNKAVVA


M'B1@$T)9NE8T3TWU\)(SUA.YVK2[V3%)/4[GH.U_/BQ6^SL3GN'T*+?Y_OOB
M?S;;_5]L%/IFL_W^JD[9
BQ#




L/





J#_O6Q#EI8]GWG*M

MI 



M-;-A5$_:;E1-U [DBZLFVF?$.452!^RL5T'):@(R)^?34_]
[3:N)FH'Z*2K
MB5BPUDP/D@01:ML3TPUD1=3R:V VW65!.U@W+RU424$X%LE(8%31D6NKC\




$=KF?M-[Y1J!W@LTGO




M0&JF4GO@3(^]'?.JR1GVH;0R



M84& $R78-

I=W&*\


)1Q
$X7\U^<N*IS%N/A0Y K5(.8VD)

M!J-

M3W28SR[3D;HVG6
ZP.I1O-S[+Y\6JP8ME'[Y;
;C[AO%H0JP0390R9 MQ:$4
M);JT$W16NJ5(5X .&3NMDLU- J=/F6GN



!I$7+U*
ML3A!,[176ZJS45U(.Q0OKB[$%3U*B+!6X.C2R]]D ?Q6(A6^?Q(DJ;=QG4A







M--Z%^52A]\:9HWV-^U-#_\O


M -B=U
S8F9DWJ7QB:;II6^_*DE^IVS/.KP^@%MFVNR62X$44G=VM]8U@XSSG
P'$2BX<09KB)]PQ=B;

!PA=E.A?;V/?0[5

3



M(()];3IKNJ364S



PTTM)0

M5XSC@S5W!'Y=M:O$8DV*N3=C:,S$_JM7'_\\S'G*RVPV_E7;G^_%P3_(5'
MM\
[HKD7L/1


]33@3-EK0
M#&'@3LA*(


M]]0$XER]ESN]G
I_?13\?2NMX0]%FNZTJ6(%A\2FH$/F#BG0;Z=
Z*ASHI

ZA@)MAX0N.4.)A
A:70DHF
V
#)CA

MHC

-= $74^PZEYJC)J.LU;5XUR;\IRZ
MO**07 09++4T.*PL..E9+1



RCQ@PY




M#U!_GGK]C1XEL%].V84=+^-;O:40X+W!3&$1L
3.AU?SX0DZ+B8-=RXZ-\

K[JEXM:Z(1

1:5.!ZA






M;1.1\N+9@A+E

M+%_0H3-7F2]\T[U!G(X9*;+[-








F\MXYR(



6+M3XY1



M3#-&R#

M_77








M



(ET0XTD5@H

M;7_?RJ
OSI



7$



]$$

M*X3A%#EC'$768ALW7A(J
1V7F:$:





MZP3F%&M)=BE*C%+H3P!O

MZ+&@ ^*F$A-$;O7M.:9!7
-F&0#RV28X


L7E?+T(

(RGK!0\1DIGA/$?.3'GE

M/XA 2.8&
]\3XT#Z:NZ[W@G71::*N7OPF)2/5)XXK4T!G&:2HTP%7^M87 &
M+2?B:Q12](1SBDUG@)KAUF)&G.3!(!QAL!90%9K@M \+N\:DR
#0#L!7UP9
ME7*W/J7-?MJ41ZUM[\W'!



YXYX$N*65(GI
M9&[?ZCGR)5.]G1(*NJ$YVX0:BGE$&P J@608*03E1@2T1\EH:U-B\F%'0#

7!T


\_;_:_E_O/
MZ[NRP?IX[?'*^U,RJGE+IZ4O$55H3G%+O

U+'H-
\
MFVM9GQU3Q



ME$AC+@D8S&VHZ6VX6HZ)







S/+(-I.@^Z'77YRE
]\0N

E?Y&1[;!M+ZP(!F





P(;Y**I9Z)Y5ET^!(QRRYW/
MT7

MRJ PDAQ5HB%#

5A'-CITN\:2T3&@:);3$IP+

.CB
MD@OG]%PY_!%-0!M_U+\Z&&/UF
(%:@-2$E%#F9)!*@/5ENTTR3Q*SI\M@QLM



&!16\H=XP19V4HBF$?*3O/;.


)%T\3+6BR7VTMP






BGU^JL 2+-
0WE_

M=



XA\R[P_1HK?!^2AD
LY'(4XKO(U'
MW
M







9K50D3B
H/L1CGFQQ$


:G$(D39Y1W4.ZJSE0.H&XHW

M PH














M8V]


M=S%;X9C






MQ\@

9V*$IVZ= .5R'M+G9#22J$D]K8^&U4&ZTS/UID:.UE^YN
ML$UQ+
8KYN46IBN;!\=AFN<=@D36
DZJ[NZIPDM&+:$44\J)#$(#K9=.K%UF
M2N4






&(-.P(%_=+97MBRJT


M$MH$82S8N


4/7W'M/47!

M=O.ZZ9/_LH)CAU+G ]#4$93AJVI0-&(9:;SM!%-@0Q7IRG1H9[@BTGK ]W
8M<T0S8K&BDE=&&V7TY%F!
[T '(BYT24]/[)



.P?N]W]7^O-)CGIOJO_W)YC
'IWO0XU'@[2Y*7CZL]\=(







M\J^OH-COMO&W=T\9*6V/@;FO*I!%X!37DC&6!GF:L_
.PR4_GQCW'K/3+:



A=HZK.@
M@1EIB/


MQWN@7\N'*N(MBMH8!Y3YNL*!YY++(
%ZK(4.3+CZP!%DINTRPSUIP$/7A(!/



ST
%9IQ2S%0)6XLQ-
M\K9BB/ILDE.B/X7[XM.GS='5N]JD+/*PV?WUT_;=;O_Q^




W[T@G*2BZ_ROFS)BQ?/
M%B8NJHX;29PP$9S@C
/EP@2$PIQ@XB; 46@)P6@F$





M?RX/+2IBM'M!P5-X!(@G U2(*9U97@6.K
OA4S9-$T]LLHJ%^=;HVV39OA
MA0Z:84#4JR@R]C(8+2JA&:&9+9QFN)4-38).'





M7_
)^?R* B1P)RRSU-AC8V=N;6\0R@SVF&I9?F0L)L[*\=DW7Y7Z\7#SY5

#$V
M
#$P


M=S@  /5N @ 4                1)J! !S9F0M,C Q-C Q,#-?8V%L+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
^?4C[]5J 7AP! #;+#@ 4                ;NB
M! !S9F0M,C Q-C Q,#-?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
^?4CB=!PG$5X!


